Wikimedia Foundation Skip to content Toggle menu Current language: en English ????????? (?????????) ???? (????????) Français (France) ?????????? (?????????) Español (España) Deutsch (Deutschland) Donate now Search for: Search Our Work Support Wikipedia Research Advocacy Technology News Participate About Celebrate 20 years of Wikipedia and the humans who make it possible ??? ????????????? 20-?????? ?????????? ? ??????, ?????????? ???????? ??? ????????? ??? Célébrez 20 ans de Wikipédia et les personnes qui ont rendu cela possible ??? ??????? ??????? 20 ??????? ????? ??????????????? ??????? ???????? ???????? ??????? ????????? ??????????? ??? Celebra los 20 años de Wikipedia y las personas que lo hacen posible ??? Responding to COVID-19 In this time of uncertainty, our enduring commitment is to provide reliable and neutral information for the world. Learn more The nonprofit Wikimedia Foundation provides the essential infrastructure for free knowledge. We host Wikipedia, the free online encyclopedia, created, edited, and verified by volunteers around the world, as well as many other vital community projects. All of which is made possible thanks to donations from individuals like you. We welcome anyone who shares our vision to join us in collecting and sharing knowledge that fully represents human diversity. Protect and sustain Wikipedia Donate now Donations are secure English · ????????? (?????????) · ???? (????????) · Français (France) · ?????????? (?????????) · Español (España) · Deutsch (Deutschland) 1 Wikimedia projects belong to everyone You made it. It is yours to use. For free. That means you can use it, adapt it, or share what you find on Wikimedia sites. Just do not write your own bio, or copy/paste it into your homework. 2 We respect your data and privacy We do not sell your email address or any of your personal information to third parties. More information about our privacy practices are available at the Wikimedia Foundation privacy policy, donor privacy policy, and data retention guidelines. 3 People like you keep Wikipedia accurate Readers verify the facts. Articles are collaboratively created and edited by a community of volunteers using reliable sources, so no single person or company owns a Wikipedia article. The Wikimedia Foundation does not write or edit, but you and everyone you know can help. 4 Not all wikis are Wikimedia The word ???wiki??? refers to a website built using collaborative editing software. Projects with no past or existing affiliation with Wikipedia or the Wikimedia Foundation, such as Wikileaks and wikiHow, also use the term. Although these sites also use "wiki" in their name, they have nothing to do with Wikimedia. 200,000+ editors contribute to Wikimedia projects every month Tweet this 68+ million media files on Wikimedia Commons Tweet this 1+ billion unique devices access Wikimedia projects every month Tweet this Research We conduct our own research and partner with researchers worldwide to address change in society and technology. More about research Technology From site reliability to machine learning, our open-source technology makes Wikipedia faster, more reliable, and more accessible worldwide. More about technology Advocacy We fight to protect everyone???s right to access free and open knowledge. More about advocacy Projects ??? Proyectos Collaborative projects are the core of the Wikimedia movement. Our volunteers build tools, share photos, write articles, and are working to connect all the knowledge that exists. See all projects Wikipedia Free encyclopedia written in 300 languages by volunteers around the world. Wikimedia Commons The world's largest free-to-use library of illustrations, photos, drawings, videos and music. NEWS ??? ???????? See what we have been up to 19 April 2021 Wikipedia readers in Latin America invited to support 20 years of free knowledge through new fundraising campaign The Wikimedia Foundation today started a fundraising campaign on Wikipedia in several Latin American countries, starting in Brazil and continuing in Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Peru, and Uruguay. Until the end of May, banners will be appearing on Wikipedia in these countries, asking readers to consider contributing with a donation. You may see these messages…. Read more 8 March 2021 Project Rewrite: Tell the missing stories of women on Wikipedia and beyond Think of a historical event, one you learned about in school. Maybe an expedition, a treaty, or a speech. How about a years-long atrocity, or a record-breaking achievement? When you picture this event, who are the central characters? Now, ask yourself if you know the women???s side of the story. For as long as written…. Read more Help us unlock the world???s knowledge. As a nonprofit, Wikipedia and our related free knowledge projects are powered primarily through donations.Donate now Connect ??? ????? Stay up-to-date on our work. Get email updates Subscribe to news about ongoing projects and initiatives. Subscribe This mailing list is powered by MailChimp. The Wikimedia Foundation will handle your personal information in accordance with this site???s privacy policy. Contact a human Questions about the Wikimedia Foundation or our projects? Get in touch with our team.Contact Follow Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Photo credits Set Knowledge Free mural Tomi Um CC BY-SA 4.0 Lighting through the ages Maurice Dessertenne Public domain Wikimedia Conference 2017 Jason Krüger/Wikimedia Deutschland e.V. CC BY-SA 4.0 Papaul_Tshibamba-3 Victor Grigas CC BY SA 3.0 SOPA protest in Midtown NYC Zachary McCune CC BY-SA 4.0 Wikipedia logo Nohat; Paullusmagnus; Wikimedia CC BY-SA 3.0 Wikimedia Commons logo Reidab; User:Grunt; 3247 Public domain Amanhecer no Hercules Carlos Perez Couto CC BY-SA 3.0 WP20Symbols_HumanFigure4 Jasmina El Bouamraoui and Karabo Poppy Moletsane CC0 Art+Feminism Wikipedia edit-a-thon Jens Mohr CC BY-SA 3.0 The Wikimedia Foundation, Inc is a nonprofit charitable organization dedicated to encouraging the growth, development and distribution of free, multilingual content, and to providing the full content of these wiki-based projects to the public free of charge. Careers Contact Press Projects Wikipedia Wikibooks Wikiversity Wikinews Wiktionary Wikisource Wikiquote Wikivoyage Wikimedia Commons Wikidata Wikispecies MediaWiki Movement Affiliates Wikimedia Chapters Wikimedia Thematic Organizations Wikimedia User Groups Other Terms of use Privacy policy Disclaimers Accessibility statement Cookie statement Except where otherwise noted, the content of this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported license. Powered by WordPress.com VIP. Automattic Privacy Notice.