Help:Page history - Wikipedia Help:Page history From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search If you are looking for help finding factual information about people, places, things, or events, leave a message at Wikipedia:Reference desk. To get help finding out how to use Wikipedia, leave a note at Wikipedia:Help desk. "WP:PAGE" redirects here. It is not to be confused with WP:PAG. This help page is a how-to guide. It details processes or procedures of some aspect(s) of Wikipedia's norms and practices. It is not one of Wikipedia's policies or guidelines, and may reflect varying levels of consensus and vetting. Shortcuts WP:PAGE H:PH WP:PAGEHIST This help page needs to be updated. Please update this help page to reflect recent events or newly available information. Relevant discussion may be found on the talk page. New here? Welcome! There is a simplified version of this page at Help:HISTINTRO. If you want to view a page's history, go to the page (e.g., Cat) and click the "View history" tab in the upper-right section of the screen. Play media 10 minute video introduction to the View History feature. A page history shows the order in which edits were made to any editable Wikipedia page, the difference between any two revisions, and a menu of special external tools. A page history is sometimes called revision history or edit history. You can view a page's history by clicking the ???View history??? tab at the top of the associated page (pictured right). The page history contains a list of the page's previous revisions, including the date and time—in UTC by default—of each edit, the username or IP address of the user who made the change, and an optional edit summary that briefly describes or explains the change. For example, the page history for this help page shows that it was first created on September 20, 2004, and that it has been changed more than 500 times since then. Contents 1 External tools on "page history" pages 2 Using a history page 2.1 Overview 2.2 Searching and exporting histories 2.3 Web feeds 3 Related issues 3.1 Moved and deleted pages 3.2 Image histories 3.3 Linking to a specific revision of a page 3.4 Copyright status of old page revisions 3.5 Very old revisions 4 See also 5 Notes External tools on "page history" pages On every "page history" page, before the history begins, there are links to several external tools for analyzing or correcting a page. In WikiPedia, these are: Find addition/removal calls a tool called WikiBlame, which searches page histories (not the body of pages) for strings, reporting which user(s) were responsible for adding or deleting the string. Find edits by user. Page statistics gives word, character, and link counts, top editors, and edit counts by month and year. "Page information", in every page's left-hand margin, gives highlights of this information. Page views over any time period selected. "Page information", in the left-hand margin, gives page views for the previous 30 days only. Fix dead links. Dead links will be repaired if the page linked has been archived in the Internet Archive. Repairs will generate an entry in the "page history". On the dead links tool, there is a box which if checked will cause the tool to back up in the Internet Archive those linked pages not yet in it. This is not needed (and is sometimes blocked) for major sources like the The New York Times, but is valuable for pages which are more likely to go dead, such as personal pages and those from small businesses and small or temporary organizations. Using a history page Overview On a history page: All past changes to the page in question are listed in reverse-chronological order. To view a specific revision, click a date. To compare an old revision with the current revision, go to the old revision, click cur. To compare a revision with its predecessor, click prev. To compare two specific revisions, click the left-column radio button of the older revision and the right-column radio button of the newer revision, and then click the "Compare selected revisions" button. To undo (revert) your own or someone else's edit, click the "undo" link. See Wikipedia:Undo for more information. Below is a detailed example of a page history using the default skin: Edits are shown from newest to oldest. Each edit takes up one line which shows; time and date, the contributor's username or IP address and the edit summary, as well as other diagnostic information. Let's look at some of the functions of this page: The "View history" tab is highlighted and "Revision history" is appended to the page name. Notice that you can't make wikilinks to this extended page name ??? to make a link to the history page, copy the URL from the browser address bar when viewing the history page, and paste it between single square brackets (external link format) to make the link. {{History}} can also be used. The year and month fields allow a quick jump when the page has many revisions. After entering a year and/or selecting a month, click the "Go" button to the right. The "Tag filter" restricts the display to show only those edits that have been tagged by an edit filter. For example, "references removed" may be entered here. After entering a tag name, click the "Go" button to the right. The "Deleted only" checkbox is only shown to administrators and others with the deletedhistory user right. It displays RevisionDeleted edits. A line of links to external tools.[note 1] The available tools vary between wikis. The line is made by MediaWiki:Histlegend which can be edited by administrators. These links take you to the most recent edits (latest), oldest edits (earliest) or the next or previous page of edits (newer n / older n). Note that the black text in brackets will become links, when applicable. The blue numbers list the number of edits displayed on a page - 20, 50, 100, 250 or 500. A higher number increases the length of a page but reduces the number of pages. The number you select replaces n in the links to the previous or next pages e.g. (newer 100 / older 100). (cur) takes you to a diff page, showing the difference between that edit and the current revision. The current revision appears below the changes, so you can see how the page is now rendered. (prev) takes you to a diff page showing the changes between that edit and the previous revision. The most recent revision (the one on the same line as the "prev" you clicked on) appears below the changes, so you can see how the page was rendered. The two columns of radio buttons can be used to select any two revisions on the page. The current selection is marked by a special background. The two most recent revisions are selected by default when you first view the history (that is why they appear framed and have a different background, see horizontal area below 4). Let's say you want to compare the revisions corresponding to numbers 10 & 11 on the image. First, click the left radio button next to number 11. The right column of buttons will then fill as far as number 11. Then click the right button next to number 10. Finally click Compare selected revisions. This takes you to a diff page showing the changes between the two revisions. The most recent revision (in this case number 10) appears below the changes, so you can see how the page was rendered. This gives the time and date of the edit. The time is UTC by default at the English Wikipedia. Registered users can choose date format and time zone at Special:Preferences#mw-prefsection-rendering. The date and time contains a link to that revision of the page. Thus the first line links to the revision that was current at the time of loading this revision history, and therefore the result may differ from that of following the link on the page margin to the current revision. Even if the page has not changed in the meantime, the message with id 'Revision-info' (talk) appears. The username or IP of the contributor appears here. m stands for minor edit. The size of the page in bytes (roughly corresponding to characters) The difference in size between this revision and the previous revision. A green number with a plus sign (+1,864) indicates that the edit added this number of bytes (roughly corresponding to characters) to the page, while a red number with a minus sign (-29) indicates removal. See more at Wikipedia:Added or removed characters. This is the edit summary. It is the text the user wrote in the edit summary box (below the edit box). This edit summary begins with an arrow link and grey text. This means the user has only edited a section of the page (named in the grey text). This text is automatically added when you edit a section. The arrow links to that section of the current revision of the page, and not the revision where the arrow was clicked. A standard edit summary can be added by the user. This appears in black text. Not shown in this example: some edits may be automatically tagged by the abuse filter (example: (Tag: references removed)); any tags applied appear after the edit summary. Tags cannot be added or removed manually, and are intended to help editors identify potential problem edits for examination; they do not prove that an edit is problematic. Also not shown in this example: you can thank a user for their edit by clicking the Thank button. see Wikipedia:Notifications/Thanks. It is possible to restore an old revision of a page by following the link to that revision, clicking "edit" and then saving. This should be done with caution, as it means that all changes made to the page since the time of that revision will be undone. In rare cases, all or part of a page history entry may be shown in grey, struck out by a horizontal line. This indicates that information has been hidden from public view by an administrator. See Revision deletion and Oversight for more on this. Searching and exporting histories The history page contains a link "Find addition/removal". This links to Wikiblame, a tool for searching the entire history of a given page. Another useful tool is the Special:Export page, which is used to produce an XML file with the wikitext of the current and (optionally) all old revisions of one or more specified pages, with date, time, user name, and edit summary. How the XML file is displayed depends on the browser (it can also be saved locally for later searching and analysis). For more information on this feature, see Help:Export. The following may also be useful: https://xtools.wmflabs.org/articleinfo/index.php? ??? a tool to sort the page history by editor and count the number of edits for each editor (works for most Wikimedia sites; can also be downloaded for adaptation to other MediaWiki sites). Wikipedia:Usemod article histories ??? information on retrieving page histories from before January 2002. meta:Community Tech/Who Wrote That tool ??? a tool to highlight contributions by each editor on a page Some page histories (such as User talk:Jimbo Wales) are very long, so that paging back even 500 results at a time cannot practically reach a date from several years ago. It is possible to simply change the date (YYYYMMDD) in the URL in these cases ( http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=User_talk:Jimbo_Wales&offset=20061215142129&action=history, for example) to get a listing of results going back from that date. Web feeds A link to an Atom web feed for the history of a page is available from the lefthand Toolbox. This gives the diffs of the last 10 edits, each with a link to the ordinary, full diff page. Depending on the browser there may be possibilities such as sorting by author. An RSS version of the feed can be obtained by assigning to "feed" (one of the parameters to index.php available for a history pagehttp://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Manual:Parameters_to_index.php#History) the value "rss", i.e., by replacing "&feed=atom" with "&feed=rss" in the Atom feed link. Related issues Moved and deleted pages When a page is moved (renamed), the entire edit history of the article, before and after the move, is shown. The old title becomes a redirect and loses its edit history. To view a history of only moves and no other edits, go to special:log/move and input the name of the article in the "target" field. If instead of a move, the entire content was cut and pasted into a new substitute article, the page history gets spread across two articles. The histories can be merged in this case. When two pages are merged, typically one becomes a redirect. In this case the revision history of the redirect is kept. When a page is deleted, its revision history remains in the database and can be retrieved by an administrator, who can also undelete the page (see Wikipedia:Viewing and restoring deleted pages). Administrators can also remove selected revisions from a page history, for example if they contain defamatory text. For details, see Selective deletion. Image histories An "image" (in the broad sense of an uploaded file) can be edited, or, more generally, be replaced by a different image, by uploading a new image file with the same name. Again all revisions are kept. The image history listing forms part of the image description page, which appears when clicking on the image. The image history consists of this and the old revisions themselves. Images which have been deleted from their source are not available to non-administrators (not to be confused with images removed from an article but not from their source), so the only record available is the upload log, deletion log and possibly the "votes for deletion" archive. Only administrators can restore a deleted image without uploading it again. Linking to a specific revision of a page Shortcuts H:PHLINK WP:OLDID WP:PAGEHISTLINK It is sometimes useful to link to a specific revision of an article - this is called a "permanent link". For example, one might have done a review of a Wikipedia article and want to indicate which particular revision was reviewed. Getting a link to an older revision of a page A permanent link to the current revision of an article is normally available from the sidebar, under Tools -> Permanent link. For other namespaces, or if the revision to be linked to is not the current revision, use the page's History tab to navigate to the specific revision required. The URL here will be suitable for use to permanently reference this revision, and can usually be obtained from the browser's location bar. (See also URLs of Wikipedia pages.) To make a permalink for use within the English Wikipedia, use Template:Oldid2. A permalink does not necessarily reproduce the historical revision of the page as it originally appeared. This is because images, templates (transcluded text and images), and time-based variables (such as CURRENTTIME) may have changed in the interim; they appear in their current state, not their historical state. Only the on-page text of the article (the wikitext that one sees when clicking 'Edit') is preserved perfectly. It is possible to capture a visual snapshot of the current revision of a page by making a web mirror: Copy the HTML file of the page, along with any auxiliary files, such as Cascading Style Sheets and image files. Help:Downloading pages lists other ways to preserve a page. Copyright status of old page revisions Those wishing to make use of historical revisions of articles should be aware that some of the history may be problematic. As noted at the end of each history revision, in the text at MediaWiki:history copyright, the page histories may contain material that is incompatible with our license. Although all contributions are supposed to be compatible with CC BY-SA (except limited, clearly marked fair use material in accordance with our non-free content policy), it is possible that a user has inserted something to which they did not have rights to license or which exceeds fair use. The Wikipedia volunteer community has a general policy of removing such copyright problems from publication when they are discovered (see copyright problems), but does not have a general policy of always deleting all such material from the history, particularly if the edit is made to an existing article rather than a new one. In the event of a DMCA takedown notice, the Wikimedia Foundation may remove violating revisions from the page history. In other cases, the revision may be kept to allow proper tracking of authors and demonstrate compliance with all legal requirements. As the Wikimedia Foundation is a not-for-profit company, the volunteer community believes this to be fair use. However, not all revisions in a page history are necessarily available under the CC BY-SA. Very old revisions Main page: Wikipedia:Wikipedia's oldest articles Revision history for most pages prior to 2001 is not available. See also This page is referenced in the Wikipedia Glossary. Template:Oldid2, link to an old revision of a page Template:Cross-wiki language oldid, link to an old revision of a page in Wikibooks, Wikinews, Wikiquote, Wikisource, Wikiversity, or Wiktionary in any language Template:Cross-wiki oldid, link to an old revision of a page in MediaWiki, Meta-Wiki, Wikibooks, Wikimedia Foundation, Wikimedia Incubator, Wikinews, Wikiquote, Wikisource, Wikiversity, or Wiktionary Help:Diff Help:User contributions Watch this video "Using the "view history" tab on Wikipedia" instructional video by Pete Forsyth from a WP course Wiki RePlay: A javascript tool to visualize diff's in Wikipedia. Enter the name of the page in the "page". There is a slider showing the revisions, click on one of the bars in the zoomed in revision of the revisions to start the playback Wikipedia:Help_desk/Archives/2018 April 16#Tech problem in history pages Notes ^ Shown in the screenshot, above, are: Find addition/removal (Wikiblame, allows you to find the person who wrote or deleted a given passage of text), Find edits by user (find all the edits a particular user made to the page), Page statistics (lists all people who have edited the page, from most contributions made to least; a graph of when edits were made; and other statistics.), Pageviews (shows a graph of how many people accessed the page over time and reports how many people have the page on their watchlist), Fix dead links (offers tools to analyze web pages and fix links). These are external links to sites that host the tools off-site, such as Toolserver or the newer Labs. v t e Wikipedia technical help Get personal technical help at the Teahouse, Help desk, Village pump (technical), talk pages or IRC. General technical help Browser notes Bypass cache Keyboard shortcuts Troubleshooting Editing CharInsert Edit conflict Edit toolbar Reverting How to create a page IRC Tutorial Mobile access Multilingual support Page history Page information Page name Help Printing Software notices Editnotice Special Characters Entering User access levels VisualEditor User guide Special page-related Special page help Edit filter Emailing users Logging in Reset passwords Logs Moving a page Fixing cut-and-paste moves Notifications/Echo FAQ Page Curation Page import Pending changes Random pages Recent changes Related changes Searching Linksearch Tags User contributions Watchlist What links here Wikitext Wikitext Cheatsheet Columns Line-break handling Lists Magic words For beginners Conditional expressions Switch parser function Time function Redirects Sections and TOCs Tables Introduction Basics Advanced table formatting Collapsing Conditional tables Sorting Using colours Links and diffs Links Interlanguage Interwiki Permanent Diffs Simplest diff guide Simple diff and link guide Complete diff and link guide Colon trick Link color Pipe trick URLs Media files: images, videos and sounds Media help Files Creation and usage Moving files to Commons Images Introduction to images Picture tutorial Preparing images for upload Uploading images Options to hide an image Extended image syntax SVG help Gallery tag Graphics tutorials Basic bitmap image editing How to improve image quality Graphics Lab resources Sound file markup Visual file markup Other graphics Family trees Graphs and charts How to create Barcharts To scale charts Math formulas Math symbols LaTeX symbols Rendering math Musical scores Musical symbols Timeline EasyTimeline syntax WikiHiero syntax Templates and Lua modules Templates Advanced template coding Template documentation Template index Template limits Template sandbox and test cases Citation templates Lua help Lua project Resources To do Substitution Purge Job queue Transclusion Labeled section Guide to Scribbling Data structure Namespaces Main/Article Category Draft File File description page Help Portal Project/Wikipedia Talk Archiving Template User User page design MediaWiki Bug reports and feature requests System message TimedMediaHandler extension Module Special HTML and CSS Cascading Style Sheets HTML in wikitext Catalogue of CSS classes Common.js and common.css User CSS for monospaced coding font Classes in microformats Markup validation Span tags Useful styles Customisation and tools Preferences Gadgets Skins Citation tools Cleaning up vandalism tools Customizing watchlists Hide pages IRC Scripts User scripts Guide Techniques User style Tools Alternative browsing Browser tools Editing tools Navigation shortcuts Optimum tool set Wikimedia Cloud Services Beta Features at MediaWiki Automated editing AfC helper script AutoWikiBrowser Bots Creating HotCat Huggle Navigation popups RedWarn Twinkle WPCleaner Inactive igloo STiki See also: Category:Wikipedia how-to Category:Wikipedia information pages Further navigation at: Help pages Administrators Accessibility Accounts Bots Referencing Citation metadata Templates User scripts Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Help:Page_history&oldid=1028849822" Categories: Wikipedia how-to Wikipedia glossary items Wikipedia page history Wikipedia page history help Wikipedia interface help Hidden categories: Wikipedia semi-protected project pages Wikipedia indefinitely move-protected pages Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Help page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects MediaWiki Meta-Wiki Wikiquote Wikivoyage Languages Alemannisch ??nglisc ????????? ????????? ?????? ??????????? ????????????? Català ??eština Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch Español Esperanto ??????? Français Galego ??????? ????????? Hrvatski Ilokano Bahasa Indonesia Interlingua Italiano ??????? Jawa ????????????????????? ?????????? Magyar Malti ?????? Bahasa Melayu ?????????????????????????????? Nederlands ???????? ?????????? Norsk bokmål Occitan ??????? Polski Português Român?? ?????????? ????? ?????? ????????? Simple English ??????? Sloven??ina Slovenš??ina ??????? ???????? / srpski Srpskohrvatski / ????????????????????? Suomi Svenska ?????? ??????????????????????????? ????? Türkçe ????? Vèneto Ti?ng Vi??t ?????????? ???? Edit links This page was last edited on 16 June 2021, at 11:08 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement