Wikipedia:Dispute resolution - Wikipedia Wikipedia:Dispute resolution From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search "WP:DR" redirects here. For other uses, see WP:DR (disambiguation). This page documents an English Wikipedia policy. It describes a widely accepted standard that all editors should normally follow. Changes made to it should reflect consensus. Shortcuts WP:DR WP:DISPUTE Dispute resolution (Requests) Tips Assume good faith Use etiquette Be civil Be open to compromise Discuss on talk pages Failure to discuss Editor assistance (Request) Content disputes Resolution noticeboard (Request) Get a third opinion (Request) Request comments (Request) Conduct disputes Administrator assistance (Request) Arbitration (Request) v t e Conduct policies Block evasion Civility Clean start Consensus Dispute resolution Edit warring Editing policy Harassment No personal attacks Ownership of content Sockpuppetry Username policy Vandalism v t e Disagreements on Wikipedia are normal; editors will frequently disagree with each other, particularly on content decisions. Editors are expected to engage in good faith to resolve their disputes, and must not personalise disputes. Many disputes can be resolved without external input, through gradual editing, discussion, and attempts to understand the legitimate objections of others. If discussion stalemates, editors may seek outside input to help resolve the dispute. Discussions can be advertised to noticeboards and WikiProjects to receive participation from interested uninvolved editors. Mediation can also help in finding a compromise solution. As content decisions on Wikipedia are made through consensus, the final stage in content dispute resolution is a request for comments, where a discussion is advertised to uninvolved editors to receive broad input on the issue. Contents 1 Resolving content disputes 1.1 Follow the normal protocol 1.2 Discuss with the other party 1.2.1 Moderated discussion 1.3 Focus on content 1.4 Disengage 2 Resolving content disputes with outside help 2.1 Third opinion 2.2 Topical 2.2.1 Noticeboards 2.2.2 Subject-specific help 2.3 Request community input on article content 3 Resolving user conduct disputes 3.1 Noticeboards 3.2 Sensitive issues and functionary actions 3.3 Last resort: Arbitration 4 For urgent situations 5 Words of caution 6 Notes Resolving content disputes "Wikipedia:Discussion" redirects here. For other uses, see Wikipedia:Talk and Category:Wikipedia discussion. This section in a nutshell: Resolve disputes as soon as they arise. When two editors disagree over what to do with an article, they must talk things through politely and rationally. Shortcut WP:RCD There are many methods on Wikipedia for resolving disputes. Most methods are not formal processes and do not involve third-party intervention. Respond to all disputes or grievances, in the first instance, by approaching the editor or editors concerned and explaining which of their edits you object to and why you object. Use the article talk page or their user talk page to do so; be civil, polite, and always assume good faith. Follow the normal protocol When you find a passage in an article that is biased, inaccurate, or unsourced the best practice is to improve it if you can rather than deleting salvageable text. For example, if an article appears biased, add balancing material or make the wording more neutral. Include citations for any material you add. If you do not know how to fix a problem, ask for help on the talk page. To help other editors understand the reasoning behind your edits, always explain your changes in the edit summary. If an edit is too complex to explain in an edit summary, or the change is contentious, add a section to the talk page that explains your rationale. Be prepared to justify your changes to other editors on the talk page. If you are reverted, continue to explain yourself; do not start an edit war. Discuss with the other party Shortcut WP:NEGOTIATE Graham's hierarchy of disagreement: Aim at the top during disputes. Further information: Wikipedia:Negotiation Talking to other parties is not a mere formality, but an integral part of writing the encyclopedia. Discussing heatedly or poorly ??? or not at all ??? will make other editors less sympathetic to your position, and prevent you from effectively using later stages in dispute resolution. Sustained discussion between the parties, even if not immediately successful, demonstrates your good faith and shows you are trying to reach a consensus. Try negotiating a truce or proposing a compromise through negotiation. Do not continue edit warring; once sustained discussion begins, productively participating in it is a priority. Uninvolved editors who are invited to join a dispute will likely be confused and alarmed if there are large numbers of reverts or edits made while discussion is ongoing. Talk page discussion is a prerequisite to almost all of Wikipedia's venues of higher dispute resolution. If you wish at any time to request a Third Opinion (3O), use the Dispute Resolution Noticeboard (DRN), or open a request for arbitration, you will be expected to show there has been talk page discussion of the dispute. Actual discussion is needed; discussion conducted entirely through edit summaries is inadequate. Requests for Comment generally require that at least an effort be made to discuss the matter in question before making the request. Moderated discussion See also: Wikipedia:Mediation The Dispute resolution noticeboard (DRN) is the place where editors involved in a content dispute can have a discussion facilitated by uninvolved volunteers, in an attempt to find compromise and resolution to disputes. The volunteers are experienced Wikipedia editors with knowledge in dispute resolution. Disputes are sometimes referred to a more appropriate venue (such as Requests for Comment). Focus on content Shortcut WP:FOC Further information: Wikipedia:Editing policy and Wikipedia:Talk page guidelines Focus on article content during discussions, not on editor conduct; comment on content, not the contributor. Wikipedia is written through collaboration, and assuming that the efforts of others are in good faith is therefore vital. Bringing up conduct during discussions about content creates a distraction to the discussion and may inflame the situation. Focusing on content, and not bringing up conduct, can be difficult if it seems other editors are being uncivil or stubborn. Stay cool! It is never to your benefit to respond in kind. When it becomes too difficult or exhausting to maintain a civil discussion based on content, you should seriously consider going to an appropriate dispute resolution venue detailed below; but at no juncture should you lose your temper. Wikipedia is not like a lot of the Internet: we expect editors to be polite and reasonable at all times. Disengage Shortcut WP:DISENGAGE Most situations are not actually urgent; there are no deadlines on Wikipedia, and perfection is not required. At all stages during discussion, consider whether you should take a break from the dispute. Taking a deep breath and sleeping on it often helps. You can always return to the discussion later, but at least you will return without an inflamed temper. Take a long-term view of the situation. You will probably be able to return and carry on editing an article when the previous problems no longer exist and the editor you were in dispute with might themselves move on. The disputed article will continue to evolve, other editors may become interested, and they might have different perspectives if the issue comes up again. Even if your position on the article is not accepted, it might be in the future. Disengaging is particularly helpful when in dispute with new users, as it gives them a chance to familiarise themselves with Wikipedia's policies and culture. As of 12 July 2021, there are 6,335,398 articles on Wikipedia. Focus your contributions on another article, where you can more easily make constructive edits. Resolving content disputes with outside help Shortcut WP:CONTENTDISPUTE Further information: Wikipedia:Dispute resolution requests If you cannot resolve the dispute through discussion with the other editor, you may request participation from uninvolved, interested editors to build consensus for your changes. Several venues are available, listed below, to find editors who may be able to assist. Participation in dispute resolution is voluntary and no one is required to participate. However, discussion can still proceed and consensus may be reached without the nonparticipating editor's input. Administrators and the community may take into into consideration the degree and nature of an editor's participation in dispute resolution when deciding if an editor's activities are productive. Third opinion Third opinion is an excellent venue for small disputes involving only two editors. Topical Shortcut WP:SEEKHELP Noticeboards If your dispute is related to the application of a specific policy or guideline, you may wish to post in one of these noticeboards (below) to get input from uninvolved editors familiar with that topic. Neutral point of view noticeboard ??? to raise questions and alerts about the neutrality of an article Reliable sources noticeboard ??? for discussion of whether or not a source is reliable No original research noticeboard ??? to raise questions and alerts about material that might be original research or source synthesis Biographies of Living Persons noticeboard ??? to raise questions and alerts about violations of our biographies of living persons policy Fringe theories noticeboard ??? for questions related to articles on fringe theories Conflict of interest noticeboard ??? to raise questions and alerts about possible conflicts of interest External links noticeboard ??? to raise questions and alerts about external links Subject-specific help If your dispute is related to a certain content area, you can ask your question on the talk page of a relevant Wikipedia:WikiProject. Relevant WikiProjects are usually listed at the top of the article's talk page. Request community input on article content Shortcut WP:DR#RfCs Request for comment (RfC) is a process to request community-wide input on article content. RfCs can be used when there is a content-related dispute, or simply to get input from other editors before making a change. To solicit responses from a large number of editors, RfCs can be publicized via noticeboards or relevant WikiProject talk pages. An RfC bot will also automatically notify the feedback request service pool of editors. RfC discussions related to article content take place on article Talk pages. Resolving user conduct disputes Shortcuts WP:RUCD WP:CONDUCTDISPUTE See also: Wikipedia:Tools/User interaction investigations The difference between a conduct and a content dispute is that, in a conduct dispute, the actions of a user (such as how an editor edits or the comments the editor makes about other users) is the overriding issue. If there would be no substantive dispute if the editor was not behaving in a disruptive or unprofessional way, then it is a conduct dispute; if the primary issue is that two editors cannot agree on what the content of an article should be, then it is a content dispute. If the issue is a conduct dispute (i.e., editor behavior) the first step is to talk with the other editor at their user talk page in a polite, simple, and direct way. Try to avoid discussing conduct issues on article Talk pages. There are several templates you may use to warn editors of conduct issues,[1] or you may choose to use your own words to open a discussion on the editor's talk page. In all cases, and even in the face of serious misconduct, please try to act in a professional and polite manner. Turn the other cheek. Noticeboards If discussion with the editor fails to resolve the issue, you may ask an administrator to evaluate the conduct of the user. You can ask for an administrator's attention at a noticeboard such as the administrators' noticeboard for incidents (ANI). Conduct complaints that fall into certain sub-categories of misconduct have their own administrators' noticeboard; for example, complaints about edit warring should be made at the edit warring noticeboard (AN3), and requests for enforcing an Arbitration Committee decision at arbitration enforcement noticeboard (AE). Administrators and the community will look to see if you have tried to resolve the conflict before escalating, and they will look at your behavior as well as the behavior of the other editor or editors. Administrators have wide latitude to use their permissions to stop misconduct and damage to the encyclopedia; for example, an editor who is making personal attacks, and does not stop when you ask them, may be warned by an administrator and subsequently blocked. Sockpuppet investigations is for evaluating concerns that two users may be sockpuppets (editors who are operating two accounts pretending to be different people, or blocked editors returning under a different account). Requests for comment on usernames and usernames for administrator attention (UAA) are the main methods of bringing attention to usernames which may be inappropriate. Sensitive issues and functionary actions See also: Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee, Wikipedia:CheckUser, Wikipedia:Oversight, Wikipedia:Harassment, and Wikipedia:Volunteer Response Team A small number of user conduct grievances involve sensitive or non-public information. These include issues where an arbitrator, checkuser, or oversighter has stated a privacy issue exists in the case, and disputes where there is a concern of a sensitive or private nature. For example: Non-public details: Grievances where the relevant information and evidence are not accessible to all participants or to the community as a whole. This can also happen due to copyright or privacy reasons, BLP, or when the material is on an unsuitable external link. "Outing" concerns: When discussion may in effect mean "outing", for example if there is a concern that a user is editing with a secret conflict of interest and the evidence would tend to identify them. Serious matters: The issue involves legal concerns, harassment, or allegations that are very serious or perhaps defamatory. Advice on divisive and sensitive issues: The issue may potentially be very divisive and advice is needed on how best to handle it (socking by an administrator is one example). Disputes or issues of this kind should usually be referred to the functionaries mailing list or Arbitration Committee. In some cases it may be possible to seek advice from an uninvolved trusted administrator by IRC, email or other private means. Where an action is marked as CheckUser, Oversight, OTRS, or Arbitration Committee, that action should not be reverted without checking beforehand. The presumption is that they have a good reason, and those aware of the reason may need time to recheck, consult, and respond. Sometimes the relevant talk page or other wiki pages will have more details and these are always a good first place to check. Such actions, if disputed, should initially be raised (by email if necessary) with the agent or functionary concerned. Where a dispute about CheckUser and Oversighter actions cannot be resolved in this manner, it should be referred to the functionaries mailing list or the Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee/Audit where appropriate. Disputes about ArbCom actions should be referred to the Arbitration Committee. Last resort: Arbitration Main page: Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration Further information: Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee, Wikipedia:Arbitration policy, and Wikipedia:Arbitration guide If you have taken all other reasonable steps to resolve the dispute, and the dispute is not over the content of an article, you can request arbitration. Be prepared to show that you tried to resolve the dispute by other means. Arbitration differs from other forms of dispute resolution in that the Arbitration Committee will consider the case and issue a decision, instead of merely assisting the parties in reaching an agreement. If the issue is decided by arbitration, you will be expected to abide by the result. If the case involves serious user misconduct, arbitration may result in a number of serious consequences up to totally banning someone from editing, as laid out in the arbitration policy. For urgent situations Some situations can be sufficiently urgent or serious that dispute resolution steps are not equipped to resolve the issue. Such situations can be forwarded to the appropriate venue. Venues for urgent assistance To request or report: Go to: Permanent deletion of personal information Wikipedia:Requests for oversight Unblocking (if you are blocked) See the Guide to appealing a block Vandalism of an article Wikipedia:Administrator intervention against vandalism Blatantly inappropriate usernames, such as usernames that are obscene or inflammatory Wikipedia:Usernames for administrator attention Suspected sockpuppetry Wikipedia:Sockpuppet investigations Urgent violations of Wikipedia's policies on Personal Attacks Wikipedia:Administrators' noticeboard/Incidents Edit warring Wikipedia:Administrators' noticeboard/3RR Other urgent problems with a user's edits Wikipedia:Administrators' noticeboard The administrators' noticeboards (e.g. AN and ANI) are not the appropriate place to raise disputes relating to content. Reports that do not belong at these noticeboards will be closed, and discussions will need to be re-posted by you at an appropriate forum ??? such as the dispute resolution noticeboard (DRN). Words of caution Dispute resolution is sometimes used by editors to try to game the system. This generally backfires badly. Remember that dispute resolution mechanisms are ultimately there to enable editors to collaboratively write an encyclopedia ??? not to win personal or political battles. Under Wikipedia:Decisions not subject to consensus of editors, some disputes are resolved in different forums using those forums' methods. Notes ^ Please note that some editors have objections to receiving a template message???see the essays Don't template the regulars and Template the regulars for various sides of that issue. v t e Wikipedia key policies and guidelines (?) Five pillars Ignore all rules Content (?) P Verifiability No original research Neutral point of view What Wikipedia is not Biographies of living persons Copyright (Copyright violations) Image use Article titles G Notability Autobiography Citing sources Reliable sources Reliable sources (medicine) Do not include copies of lengthy primary sources Plagiarism Don't create hoaxes Fringe theories Patent nonsense External links Conduct (?) P Civility Consensus Harassment Vandalism Ignore all rules No personal attacks Ownership of content Edit warring Dispute resolution Sockpuppetry No legal threats Child protection Paid-contribution disclosure G Assume good faith Conflict of interest Disruptive editing Do not disrupt Wikipedia to illustrate a point Etiquette Gaming the system Please do not bite the newcomers Courtesy vanishing Responding to threats of harm Talk page guidelines Signatures Deletion (?) P Deletion policy Proposed deletion Biographies Criteria for speedy deletion Attack page Oversight Revision deletion Enforcement (?) P Administrators Banning Blocking Page protection Editing (?) P Editing policy G Article size Be bold Disambiguation Hatnotes Broad-concept article Understandability Style Manual of Style Contents Accessibility Dates and numbers Images Layout Lead section Linking Lists Classification Categories, lists, and navigation templates Categorization Template namespace Project content (?) G Project namespace WikiProjects User pages User boxes Shortcuts Subpages WMF (?) P Terms of Use List of policies Friendly space policy Licensing and copyright Privacy policy List of all policies and guidelines P: List of policies G: List of guidelines Summaries of values and principles v t e Wikipedia accounts and governance Unregistered (IP) users Why create an account? Create an account Request an account IPs are human too IP addresses are not people IP hopper Registered users New account Logging in Reset passwords Username policy Changing username Usernames for administrator attention Unified login or SUL Alternate account Account security Password strength requirements User account security Personal security practices Two-factor authentication 2FA for AWB Committed identity On privacy, confidentiality and discretion Compromised accounts Blocks, bans, sanctions, global actions Blocking policy FAQ Admins guide Tools Autoblock Appealing a block Guide to appealing blocks UTRS Unblock Ticket Request System Blocking IP addresses Range blocks IPv6 Open proxies Banning policy ArbCom appeals Sanctions Personal sanctions General sanctions Discretionary sanctions and Log Essay Long-term abuse Standard offer Global actions Related to accounts Sockpuppetry Single-purpose account Sleeper account Vandalism-only account Wikibreak Enforcer Retiring Courtesy vanishing Clean start Quiet return User groups and global user groups Requests for permissions Admin instructions Admin guide Account creator PERM (Auto) confirmed PERM Autopatrolled PERM AutoWikiBrowser PERM Bot Request Edit filter helper Request Event coordinator PERM Extended confirmed PERM File mover PERM IP block exempt Request Mass message sender PERM New page reviewer PERM Page mover PERM Pending changes reviewer PERM Rollback PERM Template editor PERM Global rights policy OTRS Volunteer Response Team Advanced user groups Administrator RfA Bureaucrat RfB CheckUser and Oversight Request Edit filter manager Request Interface administrator Request Founder Importer Researcher Committees and related Arbitration Committee Bot approvals group Functionaries Clerks SPI clerks ArbCom clerks Governance Administration FAQ Formal organization Editorial oversight and control Quality control Wikimedia Foundation Board Founder's seat Meta-Wiki Proposals WikiProjects Elections Policies and guidelines Petitions Noticeboards Consensus Dispute resolution Reforms Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Dispute_resolution&oldid=1032436409" Categories: Wikipedia policies Wikipedia dispute resolution Wikipedia conduct policies Hidden categories: Wikipedia semi-protected project pages Wikipedia move-protected project pages Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Wikinews Languages Afrikaans ???????????? ????????? ????????? Az??rbaycanca ???????? ?????? ??????????????? ??????????????? (????????????????) ????????????? Brezhoneg Català ??eština Deutsch ????????? ??????? Français ??????? Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia ??slenska Italiano ??????? ????????????????????? Lietuvi? Magyar ???????????? ??????? ?????? Bahasa Melayu Minangkabau Nederlands ???????? ??????? Polski Português Român?? ?????????? ????? ?????? Shqip Sicilianu ????????? Simple English Sloven??ina ??????? ???????? / srpski Svenska ??????????/tatarça ?????????? ????? Türkçe ?????????????? ????? Ti?ng Vi??t ???? Edit links This page was last edited on 7 July 2021, at 12:16 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement