Wikipedia:Conflict of interest/Noticeboard - Wikipedia Wikipedia:Conflict of interest/Noticeboard From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia < Wikipedia:Conflict of interest Jump to navigation Jump to search "WP:COIN" redirects here. For the WikiProject on articles about coins, see Wikipedia:WikiProject Numismatics. v t e Noticeboards Wikipedia's centralized discussion, request, and help venues. For a listing of ongoing discussions and current requests, see the dashboard. General Administrators main incidents Bots Bureaucrats Centralized discussion Closure requests Education Interface admins Main Page errors Open proxies VRT Oversight User permissions Articles and content Biographies of living persons Copyrights questions on media problems Dispute resolution External links Fringe theories Neutral point of view Original research Reliable sources Resource requests Spam blacklist whitelist Scalable vector graphics Titleblacklist Translation Page handling History merges Mergers Splits Moves Protection Importation XfD Articles Redirects Categories Templates Files Miscellany Undeletion User conduct Conflict of interest Contributor copyright Edit warring and 3RR Sanctions Personal restrictions General sanctions Sockpuppets Usernames Vandalism Other Arbitration Committee noticeboard requests enforcement Edit filters requested false positives Questions Help desk Teahouse Reference desk New articles Requests for comment Village pump policy technical proposals idea lab WMF miscellaneous WikiProject proposals Category:Wikipedia noticeboards Skip to TOC Skip to bottom Welcome to Conflict of interest Noticeboard (COIN) Shortcuts WP:COI/N WP:COIN WP:COIBOARDSections older than 14 days archived by Lowercase sigmabot III. Click here to purge this page (For help, see Wikipedia:Purge) This Conflict of interest/Noticeboard (COIN) page is for determining whether a specific editor has a conflict of interest (COI) for a specific article and whether an edit by a COIN-declared COI editor does not meet a requirement of the Conflict of Interest guideline. A conflict of interest may occur when an editor has a close personal or business connections with article topics. An edit by a COIN-declared COI editor may not meet a requirement of the COI guideline when the edit advances outside interests more than it advances the aims of Wikipedia. Post here if you are concerned that an editor has a COI, and is using Wikipedia to promote their own interests at the expense of neutrality. For content disputes, try proposing changes at the article talk page first and otherwise follow the Wikipedia:Dispute resolution procedural policy. You must notify any editor who is the subject of a discussion. You may use {{subst:coin-notice}} ~~~~ to do so. Additional notes: This page should only be used when ordinary talk page discussion has been attempted and failed to resolve the issue, such as when an editor has repeatedly added problematic material over an extended period. Be careful not to out other editors by posting personal information here. Wikipedia's policy against harassment takes precedence over the COI guideline. If private information is needed to resolve COI editing, and if the issue is serious enough to warrant it, editors can email paid-en-wpwikipedia.org with the evidence, or email any functionary for advice. Functionaries and members of the Arbitration Committee will review private evidence and take any necessary action. The COI guideline does not absolutely prohibit people with a connection to a subject from editing articles on that subject. Editors who have such a connection can still comply with the COI guideline by discussing proposed article changes first, or by making uncontroversial edits. COI allegations should not be used as a "trump card" in disputes over article content. However, paid editing without disclosure is prohibited. Consider using the template series {{Uw-paid1}} through {{Uw-paid4}}. Your report or advice request regarding COI incidents should include diff links and focus on one or more items in the COI guideline. In response, COIN may determine whether a specific editor has a COI for a specific article. There are three possible outcomes to your COIN request: 1. COIN consensus determines that an editor has a COI for a specific article. In response, the relevant article talk pages may be tagged with {{Connected contributor}}, the article page may be tagged with {{COI}}, and/or the user may be warned via {{subst:uw-coi|Article}}. 2. COIN consensus determines that an editor does not have a COI for a specific article. In response, editors should refrain from further accusing that editor of having a conflict of interest. Feel free to repost at COIN if additional COI evidence comes to light that was not previously addressed. 3. There is no COIN consensus. Here, Lowercase sigmabot III will automatically archive the thread when it is older than 14 days. Once COIN declares that an editor has a COI for a specific article, COIN (or a variety of other noticeboards) may be used to determine whether an edit by a COIN-declared COI editor does not meet a requirement of the Wikipedia:Conflict of interest guideline. Are you in the right place? An editor can be biased without additionally having a COI. Issues involving bias may be more suited to Wikipedia:Neutral point of view/Noticeboard. Issues involving the biographies of living persons policy (BLP) may be more suited to Wikipedia:Biographies of living persons/Noticeboard. Commercial usernames should be reported to Wikipedia:Usernames for administrator attention. Obvious cases of corporate vanity can be tagged with {{db-spam}}. Articles written about a person, group, club or band by such a person, group, club or band with no assertion of notability can be tagged with {{db-bio}} instead. This page is not for reporting simple vandalism, material that can easily be fixed or removed without argument, or non-conflict of interest breaches of the neutral point of view policy. Notes for volunteers To close a report Add Template:Resolved at the head of the complaint, with the reason for closing and your signature. Old issues are taken away by the archive bot. Other ways to help All editors are encouraged to help resolve reports of COI editing. More problematic articles can be found in Category:Wikipedia articles with possible conflicts of interest. A list of possible autobiographies found by bot. This is the large mechanically-generated list of articles having a suspected COI that used to be shown here in full. You are still invited to peruse the list and, if you have an opinion on whether it's a real COI, edit that file directly. When you see a case in that list that needs input from other editors, you may want to create a regular noticeboard entry for it, below. Category:Wikipedia requested edits. Editors who believe they have a conflict of interest may ask someone else to make edits for them. Please visit this category and respond to one of these requests. Whether you perform it or not, you should undo the {{Request edit}} when you are done to remove the article from the category. Leave a Talk comment for the requester to explain your decision. To begin a new discussion, enter the name of the relevant article below: Search the COI noticeboard archives Help answer requested edits Category:Wikipedia requested edits is where COI editors have placed the {{Request edit}} template: ??? Wikipedia requested edits ??? Answered requested edits ??? Declined requested edits ??? Implemented requested edits ??? Misplaced requested edits ??? Partially implemented requested edits Talk:1-800-Flowers.com, Inc. Talk:Bill Ackman Talk:ACORD Talk:American College of Education Talk:Annual Reviews (publisher) Talk:Michel Bercovier Talk:Len Blavatnik Talk:Leticia Cáceres Talk:Canyon Bicycles Talk:Changi Chapel and Museum Talk:Clearwater Bay Golf & Country Club Template talk:Context needed Talk:DealStreetAsia Talk:Durham, North Carolina Talk:David Edwards (engineer) Talk:Enel X Talk:Engel & Völkers Talk:European Golf Association Talk:Fairfield, Iowa Talk:Federal University of Minas Gerais Talk:FIGS (apparel) Talk:Marie Poland Fish Talk:FishingBooker Talk:James E. Fleming Talk:Francisco Partners Talk:Golden State Foods Talk:Graebel Relocation Talk:Grant O. Gale Observatory Talk:Kenneth C. Griffin Talk:Grinnell College Talk:Grinnell College Innovator for Social Justice Prize Talk:David Gross Talk:Holly Ham Talk:Jon Hammes Talk:Help Musicians Talk:Joseph Henderson (pilot) Talk:Hexany Audio Talk:History of special relativity Talk:Thomas Homer-Dixon Talk:Hyperspectral imaging Talk:Iteris Talk:Philippe Jabre Talk:Ian Jacobs (oncologist) Talk:Jardine Strategic Holdings Talk:Judo Bank Talk:Christian Kälin Talk:Yoram Koren Talk:KPS Capital Partners Talk:Robert Kraft Talk:Marc J. Lane Talk:Laureate Education Talk:Louis Legendre (oceanographer) Talk:Lexipol Talk:Lidl Talk:Lim Wee-Chai Talk:LoopUp Talk:Stewart Mackinnon Talk:MasterClass Talk:Maximus Inc. Talk:McAfee Talk:Metro AG Talk:Millennium Challenge Corporation Talk:Millettia pinnata Talk:Monster.com Talk:Moonbug Entertainment Talk:Marc Morial Talk:Nate Morris Talk:Jasper Morrison Talk:Muscular Dystrophy Association Talk:National Museum of American Jewish History Talk:NetDynamics Application Server Talk:Netmums Talk:New Orleans Musicians' Clinic Talk:Nottawaseppi Huron Band of Potawatomi Talk:OLX Talk:OnlyFans Talk:Noah Oppenheim Talk:Kevin Outterson Talk:Derek Bryson Park Talk:Parkdean Resorts Talk:Katie Patterson Talk:PERI Talk:Photometric stereo Talk:Bertrand Piccard Talk:Playboy Talk:Richard Plepler Talk:Gabe Polsky Talk:Primary hyperoxaluria Talk:Prioria Robotics Maveric Talk:Private sector development Talk:Public Investment Fund Talk:Quad (company) Talk:Rainforest Alliance Talk:Sridhar Ramaswamy Talk:Resuscitation Council (UK) Talk:Sarah Ruden Talk:Robert Rubin Talk:Scoular Talk:Sidewalk Labs Talk:Silhouette (eyewear) Talk:Société Bic Talk:St Monica's College Talk:St Paul's School, Brazil Talk:John Stankey Talk:Starsky Wilson Talk:Stratasys Talk:Sullivan University Talk:TeamLab (art collective) Talk:Michal Temkin Martinez Talk:The House (magazine) Talk:TomTom Talk:Tri Pointe Homes Talk:TunnelBear Talk:Unity (game engine) Talk:Unity Technologies Talk:Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company Talk:Charlotte Verity Talk:Verizon (mobile network) Talk:Vizio Talk:WJCT Talk:World Wide Technology Talk:XOJET Aviation LLC Talk:Jerry Yang Talk:YogaWorks Contents 1 Mohammad Al Gergawi 2 Markand Adhikari 3 Presidency of Jair Bolsonaro 4 Himarsha Venkatsamy 5 Audrey Mullender 6 Eric Kaler 7 Tobyjohnso 8 Steve Hanke 9 Siddharth Kumar Tewary 10 Thomas Modly - PR firm is making paid edits 11 Kayode Ajulo 12 Editor GeorgeKotsolios 13 User:Micheldekemmeter1 refuses to engage with Paid Contributor warnings 14 Airthings Masters 15 Stareditor45 and Star Jalsha shows 16 User:????????? 17 Bridge International Academies Mohammad Al Gergawi[edit] Mohammad Al Gergawi (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Algergawighabi (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) Om4234 (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) AbdM1972 (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) (active in 2021) Michelboon (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) (active in 2021) Jaa Noble (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) These are single-purpose accounts who all have in common that they add poorly sourced CV-style puffery to the Mohammad Al Gergawi page. I strongly suspect that the last two are involved in sockpuppetry. When I asked AbdM to declare a COI[1], they disappeared, only for Michelboon to pop up shortly thereafter. Snooganssnoogans (talk) 14:02, 25 June 2021 (UTC) AbdM1972 is a likely UPE. scope_creepTalk 14:51, 25 June 2021 (UTC) @Scope creep: The conversation I am having with them at Commons about the images they uploaded makes that quite clear. Some of the highlights include yes we have the copy right, For Commons:OTRS , it is requesting to send an email, we will do that and I got these images from the source. In order to take the images they uploaded, they would need very close access to the subject and other high-profile individuals. They seemed to stop claiming that they took the pictures though. Must have realized that it is unlikely they took them, as there are various different cameras, different software used and in some instances, the EXIF data also credits other people. Someone with this mass of non-Google found images on hand must have gotten them from the subject of the article directly, or from the subject's employer's media office. Actually one image even credits the Crown Prince Court's Media Section... ??? NJD-DE (talk) 17:16, 27 June 2021 (UTC) There seems to be details in the article or was that dont come from the references. scope_creepTalk 18:11, 27 June 2021 (UTC) I was urged on my Commons talk page by AbdM1972 to retract my post here, which I declined. I believe noting the fact that image metadata is not lining up with the uploader's story and the user speaking in "we"/"our" is valuable information. If any admin on enwiki or Commons agrees with the user that my actions were an act of harassment, breach of privacy or defamation, then I won't object to deletion of my post here and oversighting the Commons deletion request. ??? NJD-DE (talk) 21:19, 3 July 2021 (UTC) The editor Jaa Noble (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) also looks like a COI account. The editor has added a bunch of self-sourced content to a couple of UAE pages while also spamming useless citations to non-UAE pages (to make it appear as if they are not a single-purpose account?). Snooganssnoogans (talk) 22:50, 8 July 2021 (UTC) @Scope creep: I don't know his problem with new contributors to Wiki! He should be guiding newcomers instead of deletion and banning and spamming their talks with his escalations. Do you know why all the accounts he mentioned above are not back? Not because they are some COI accounts or whatever he calls them, it is, basically because he is not helping anyone; instead, he assigns himself the Wikipedia police. And FYI it is called Wikipedia Harassment. I did no wrong edits and am free to edit whatever page I feel convenient for me. It is not his job or right to limit my edits or choices unless they are incorrect. Is he anti-Arab? What's wrong if I choose to edit about UAE or any Arab country or culture? I have always known this place as diverse and inclusive. All the pages he is claiming I am spamming are pages I am interested in and will always choose to contribute to regardless of his opinion. If he has any advice or a way to improve, I am happy to cooperate. If not, then he should stay away from my pages. He should be very cautious when calling someone something, especially when he has absolutely no proof. I advise him to check the other pages he is claiming that I am spamming or stuffing, and he would see for himself that citations were needed as the website recommends fixing them. Some of those pages are included in the "need of updating pages" Wiki generates. He needs to stop his harassment and instead help others improve their efforts to provide helpful contributions. And again, he should stop harassing me, or this happens because of my gender? I don???t understand?Jaa Noble (talk) 00:23, 9 July 2021 (UTC) Markand Adhikari[edit] Markand Adhikari (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Draft:Kanchan Adhikari (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Draft:Generic Aadhaar (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Draft:Miraj Group (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Nirupammathur (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) Mannitish (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) Husband, wife and non notable companies. Both users seem to be part of some paid writing syndicate with the example provided in the talk page to a WP:COI warning, that the articles were created as part of some college project. Both users have their talk pages littered with deletion discussions and draft rejections showing the extent of their paid editing. Even the photographs look straight out of some portfolio work. Jupitus Smart 17:49, 26 June 2021 (UTC) Comment : I'm a professional real estate consultant, FYI. I started editing Wikipedia in my college days as a matter of a project given to us and to contribute to the platform to enhance it. With the limited knowledge of the well-known people and companies based in India, I started creating the pages of those, I had known due to their professional achievements in the news. Do not associate me with a writing syndicate, I purely do it out of my own interest and trying my level best to provide the best content that is valuable on the internet and worthy enough to make it to Wikipedia. Thanks. Nirupammathur | 18:04, 26 June 2021 (UTC) Comment : Draft:Generic Aadhaar is a company I got to know about from the internet. One of their stakeholders is Mr. Ratan Tata, who I admire personally in my life (not only me, a lot of Indian's do) and I do not sustain any direct or indirect connection with him or any company associated with him. I created Generic Aadhaar out of my sheer dedication to contribute to the platform (Wikipedia). I'm still learning and trying, so I'm still able to create a few articles and made a lot of mistakes, but I'm still trying. Thanks. Nirupammathur | 18:20, 26 June 2021 (UTC) @Nirupammathur: Can you please explain why the "Skills" section of your LinkedIn profile have "Wikipedia" in it? I also notice that the about section of your LinkedIn profile reads "I???m also a Wikipedia Author and a skilled Marketer & Advertiser helping Brands and Individuals to grow their presence online and offline" and you also work for a company that provide digital marketing services which likely indicate your involvement in undisclosed paid editing. GSS?? 12:31, 6 July 2021 (UTC) Comment : As I've already mentioned I'm a full-time Real Estate Consultant. I do give consultancy on print media advertisement and social media growth techniques occasionally, which was the reason I mentioned 'Marketer and Advertiser'. Wikipedia Author is just a general mention and in the skills because I was not able to find anything other than that. And if you would have given a clear and non-biased view on my profile, you could have seen that I left that Agency last year. And none of my main space articles or the individuals are associated in any way with that agency (and the agency is no more in working existence since Feburary 2021). Nirupammathur | 16:54, 6 July 2021 (UTC) In January 2019, you created Draft:Miraj Group and after you were asked to disclose your conflict of interest by user Worldbruce and you replied that I've been assigned a task by my college to do a Research and Analysis on the company named Miraj Group and then in August 2020 (after one and a half years) you recreated the same draft and in the edit summary, you claimed that " I was making my college's economic assignment on local conglomerates in Rajasthan. Came across Miraj Group and got to know that they don't have any Wikipedia Page. As a contributor i thought i should make one for people to know about this company in Rajasthan" now surprisingly as per your LinkedIn profile you started working for Miraj Group in December 2018 a month before you created the first draft so how come you "came across" this company after you were assigned a task by your college? and why you lied to Worldbruce when you were asked to disclose your COI? you were actually working for this company at that time? also, this is the same company that later founded the digital marketing platform I mentioned above. GSS?? 18:27, 6 July 2021 (UTC) @GSS: how did you find this editor's linkedin profile and their employment history? Isn't that covered by WP:OUTING? --- Possibly ? 18:34, 6 July 2021 (UTC) @Possibly: Just Google their username plus "real estate consultant" as they have mentioned above. I didn't disclose anything that would violate WP:OUTING. GSS?? 18:39, 6 July 2021 (UTC) I agree it seem like there is obvious and blatant paid COI here, but just because someone uses their real name does not mean we get to post their personal details such as their employer, per WP:OUTING. You might want to get those items redacted/revdelled. --- Possibly ? 19:09, 6 July 2021 (UTC) @GSS: @Possibly: I'm sorry for this ambagious editing, which eventually was paid till I disclosed and deleted the page Markand Adhikari. But I've genuinely created Draft: Generic Aadhaar as I've mentioned. I've understood my mistake and now onwards will continue to stick to Wikipedia's policy for genuine contribution to the organisation. And @GSS: kindly stick to WP:OUTING and maintain the rules. Thank You. Nirupammathur | 16:14, 7 July 2021 (UTC) @Nirupammathur: what does eventually was paid till I disclosed mean? Were you paid for Draft:Markand Adhikari? --- Possibly ? 07:01, 8 July 2021 (UTC) Well, I guess we will never know, because Nirupammathur was just blocked per this spi. Ping to update GSS. --- Possibly ? 07:06, 8 July 2021 (UTC) Presidency of Jair Bolsonaro[edit] Presidency of Jair Bolsonaro (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Wikipedia:Top 25 Report/June 20 to 26, 2021 (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Igordebraga (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) I imagine that [[2]] ("I think this guy deserves an encounter with the guillotine") and [[3]] (he wrote: "the president currently ruining host country Brazil") are not acceptable behaviors for a user. He is unbelievably extolling his editorial bias, as if to say: "I'm here to attack Jair Bolsonaro" . 2804:214:8286:F571:58B4:AEEB:BCA2:4B10 (talk) 23:06, 26 June 2021 (UTC) I have never seen the "Wikipedia Top 25", but if you look at the top of the page, it says "This page contains material that is kept because it is considered humorous. Such material is not meant to be taken seriously." So scratch the second diff you give above. --- Possibly ? 23:19, 26 June 2021 (UTC) Well, the second is clearly a case of using humor as an excuse, as the first shows the editor's real intent.2804:214:8286:F571:3D69:7E3D:7A46:F1EC (talk) 23:22, 26 June 2021 (UTC) I've been on Wikipedia for 16 years. You're opening a complaint without even having registered an account. I certainly know how to behave around here, and you're reducing me to two edits out of nearly 20,000 with a slight influence of the well-documented impact of over a year in isolation. One of whom, as said above, is on a page both humorous and downright signed to note it's personal opinions (besides, you're not even the first to call me biased based on what I write on the Top 25 Report!). In short, no, I'm not on Wikipedia just to take shots at my country's government. igordebraga ??? 23:39, 26 June 2021 (UTC) Age on Wiki or how many edits you've made, none of this is a valid argument. Publicy preaching someone's murder on Wiki is not acceptable. That's not the kind of editor Wikipedia needs. Any normal editor would get a perma ban for this.2804:214:8286:F571:3D69:7E3D:7A46:F1EC (talk) 23:43, 26 June 2021 (UTC) IP, this is not a COI issue. As there is no COI issue to discuss, please take it somewhere else. --- Possibly ? 00:04, 27 June 2021 (UTC) Some comments may require revdel and a block may be due, but there's no COI issue here. MarioGom (talk) 22:20, 7 July 2021 (UTC) Himarsha Venkatsamy[edit] Himarsha Venkatsamy (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) HimarshaV (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) Popcornandink (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) I am writing this to disclose that I am the editor of Himarsha Venkatsamy's page. All information added to the page is accurate, does not violate any copyrights, is not self promoting, directly states facts and follows wikipedia's guidelines to the full extent. Should you need further information kindly contact. HimarshaV (talk) 13:57, 29 June 2021 (UTC) A note to editors: I reverted HimarshaV's edits to the article because they did not conform to WP:V. I left a message on HimarshaV's talk page regarding potential COI, although I now see that they have declared their COI here. I suggest that they read WP:COI carefully and use the Wikipedia:Edit Request Wizard/Paid to make an edit request. Z1720 (talk) 14:15, 29 June 2021 (UTC) HimarshaV has been advised on COI and their username at Wikipedia:Help desk#Page: Himarsha Venkatsamy. TSventon (talk) 14:36, 29 June 2021 (UTC) HimarshaV has been blocked per WP:IMPERSONATE. I've also added the account Popcornandink, as both accounts have identified as being the same individual (and therefore sockpuppets): [4], [5] --Drm310 ???? (talk) 19:15, 5 July 2021 (UTC) Audrey Mullender[edit] Audrey Mullender (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Fellow3 (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) The user has repeatedly over the past several days removed sourced negative information from the article while using the first person in their edit summaries, strongly suggesting they are the subject of the article. They've been told to discuss on the talk page and received several warning on their user talk page, but have so far not engaged in any discussion. -- Fyrael (talk) 14:21, 1 July 2021 (UTC) I've also opened a thread at WP:BLPN. It's worth noting that the allegations were made by Hilda Kean, a former Dean of the college that Audrey was principal of. Hemiauchenia (talk) 14:44, 1 July 2021 (UTC) Yeah, looking at the sources more, it very much seems like the article could have more balanced coverage. Either way though, this editor shouldn't be making the changes. -- Fyrael (talk) 18:31, 1 July 2021 (UTC) Eric Kaler[edit] Eric Kaler (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) William.lubinger (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) WP:OUTING technically prohibits me from presenting the exact evidence of why I believe this editor has a conflict of interest (and, indeed, a paid editing relationship) with this subject but I trust that anyone else who spends a few seconds looking into this will come to the same conclusion. In any case, this editor has not responded to a User Talk message and continues to edit the article (and upload copyrighted images to Commons but that is being handled there). ElKevbo (talk) 19:06, 2 July 2021 (UTC) ElKevbo Yes it seems like they should declare their paid editing status. Maybe they would have done that if you gave them more time to do so before coming here? You placed a paid template at 10AM, then this COIN discussion at 3PM. Their edits are really inconsequential. As far as I can see, they updated the photo, and changed one minor statistic. --- Possibly ? WP:PAID isn't optional and the template is pretty clear about what paid editors must do (and should not continue doing). ElKevbo (talk) 19:30, 2 July 2021 (UTC) True, but scroll to the top of this page and you will see that this noticeboard is not for minor items: it is for issues where discussion has failed. Anyway, the user has now declared as a paid editor on their user page after I placed a second PAID template on their user page, and their edits are entirely innocuous. --- Possibly ? 20:18, 2 July 2021 (UTC) Tobyjohnso[edit] Toby Johnson (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Tobyjohnso (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) Tobyjohnso's first edit was to add a book by Toby Johnson to LGBT themes in speculative fiction [6]. His next two were to add more Toby Johnson books to Two-spirit [7] and [8]. One of the books was co-authored by Walter Lee Williams an article that Tobyjohnso has also edited saying "I was Walter WIlliams editor at Lethe Press and collaborator on two books. Dr Williams asked me to make corrections" [9]. His other edits are to Toby Johnson one of which carried the edit summary of "expanded details entered by Lethe Press publisher Steve Berman" [10] which shows a clear conflict of interest. I put a COI notice on the editor's talk page but they ignored it and made more edits to Toby Johnson. Notfrompedro (talk) 20:54, 3 July 2021 (UTC) The username alone is enough to report to UAA on the grounds of WP:IMPERSONATE. If this editor is the real Toby Johnson, we need verification of his identity. Then we can deal with the WP:AB issues. --Drm310 ???? (talk) 18:47, 5 July 2021 (UTC) @Notfrompedro: the diffs you cited are from 2007, 2007, 2007, 2016 and 2008. This is ancient history. The more recent edits are five additions of ISBN numbers and book titles. The recent non-controversial edits are allowed by our COI guideline. Yes, the user should disclose. Also, next time please try discussing it with them beforehand rather than coming straight here, per the note at the top of this page: "This page should only be used when ordinary talk page discussion has been attempted and failed". The edits the user made after your COI notice were to add a semicolon and change an ISBN number, so I am not much of an issue here other than disclosure.--- Possibly ? 19:24, 5 July 2021 (UTC) The note at the top of the page speaks of editors "repeatedly added problematic material over an extended period" so I noted the editor's edits over time. Notfrompedro (talk) 19:33, 5 July 2021 (UTC) I don't see any problematic edits after the initial one in 2008, which was to populate his author page. The rest are quite minor. The more effective method for engaging COI editors like this is to post a section like "advice" on their talk page, and suggest they disclose and keep to very minor edits. --- Possibly ? 19:41, 5 July 2021 (UTC) Steve Hanke[edit] Steve Hanke (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Iaeghsbe (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) This user had only 5 edits. All of these edits are in the Steve Hanke page and most of these edits are to remove/revert any information added to the criticism section against the person being addressed in this article. I suspect this user is having a conflict of interest, potentially an undisclosed relationship with the subject. Nguyen.asia.18 (talk) 11:29, 7 July 2021 (UTC) Siddharth Kumar Tewary[edit] Siddharth Kumar Tewary (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Swastik Productions (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Rupakspectra (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) This user has been seeking to insert chunks of promotional text into the articles on Swastik Productions ([11], [12]) and its founder Siddharth Kumar Tewary ([13], [14], [15]). The WP:COI stipulations have been highlighted to the editor on two occasions ([16], [17]) but there has been no disclosure or other response, and the promotional editing continues. AllyD (talk) 15:16, 7 July 2021 (UTC) Thomas Modly - PR firm is making paid edits[edit] Thomas Modly (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) T768977 (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) R5752332 (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) B856625 (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) Coffeebar20 (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) The editor T768977 has been adding puffery to the Thomas Modly page. They say they work for "T.Bela Strategies" as a paid contributor. The editor does not appear to follow COI, as they are making bold edits to articles rather than suggesting them on talk pages. R5752332 said in June 2021 that they were not paid, yet did basically the same puffery edits to the page[18]. Also, maybe I'm just imagining things but I do recall seeing accounts with T followed by a string of numbers on other pages making puffery-style edits ??? does that ring a bell to any of the experienced editors familiar with COI cases? Could it be a mass WP operation by "T.Bela Strategies"? Snooganssnoogans (talk) 15:25, 7 July 2021 (UTC) I found this account from March 2021: T1512 (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log). Unsure if related to the firm. Snooganssnoogans (talk) 15:29, 7 July 2021 (UTC) I definitively remember seeing these [letter][string of numbers] accounts around doing sketchy stuff. JBchrch talk 15:39, 7 July 2021 (UTC) Account T856625 was created by B856625 (see logs). R5752332 is obviously the same user or group. This does not look good. MarioGom (talk) 22:17, 7 July 2021 (UTC) See also: T155R (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log), J5421 (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log), T12525 (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log), T1259 (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log), T1170 (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log). Snooganssnoogans (talk) 01:06, 9 July 2021 (UTC) A new editor popped up on the Modly page, also claiming to work for the PR firm: Coffeebar20[19]. Snooganssnoogans (talk) 19:18, 8 July 2021 (UTC) Kayode Ajulo[edit] Kayode Ajulo (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Armanoid (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) Whilst this is still in an AFD see here I thought it wise to bring this to ensure this situation is nipped in the bud. On July 4, the very promotional article on Kayode Ajulo was created see here. I left a UPE warning on their TP see here of which they denied see here but that is improbable, as they have the image on the article as their own work see the Image. To claim no wrong doing and possessing a file of your article's subject which I couldn???t find elsewhere on the Internet is improbable. Also bearing in mind that they are a sleeper account. They have been here four years with only 38 edits. Celestina007 (talk) 22:41, 7 July 2021 (UTC) Celestina007 like I have severally mentioned, I noticed he had no wiki profile as a result of being in the same field of practice. As a result of this and based on his notability, I decided to create a page from him. Apparently, the notability guideline that I based my work on is not same on all fours with that of Wiki. it's therefore sad and funny that you still think I was paid to do so. Whether the image used for the page exists on the internet or not is unknown me to as I didn't source it from the internet. Rather, I took it off a colleague's profile on WhatsApp (which was when I noticed that he wasn't on Wiki in the first place). as to whether I'm a sleeper account or not, not everyone is gifted with the time and understanding needed to edit Wiki. because you have been here for a little more than 4 years and have made such incredible edits in that time doesn't necessarily mean everyone should have. I had like to know if being a "sleeper account" is against the ethics of Wiki since you brought it up. At this point, I don't know what to say anymore as I have said all there is with regards to me editing this page. Either way, keep up the good work. armanoid (talk) 07:55, 8 July 2021 (UTC) Please let the community decide if or not a COI is present. Celestina007 (talk) 07:38, 8 July 2021 (UTC) @Celestina007: I would not call armanoid a sleeper account. It made what appear to be 20 good faith edits between 2019 and 2020 to a variety of topics. armanoid is more than welcome to reply here as well-- in fact they are explicitly meant to reply, as they have done above, to explain themselves. I tend t take their statements above about them being a lawyer at face value. Marking an image as "own work" does not necessarily mean they created it; that tag is very, very frequently incorrectly marked. Armanoid can you explain how you are connected to Kayode Ajulo in a few sentences? The simpler the better. He's your colleague at work?--- Possibly ? 07:59, 8 July 2021 (UTC) hi Possibly I have no direct or indirect connection to Kayode Ajulo. he is a known lawyer in Nigeria and I am a legal intern in Nigeria. The only connection between us is that we are in the same field of practice I.e. LAW. which was why I decided to create a page for him seeing that the reason for which the last page was deleted was because of the dearth in references and the style it was written.armanoid 14:23, 8 July 2021 (UTC) He is not a known lawyer in Nigeria, all the references used in the article are non notable, the article itself is extremely promotional, Technically speaking, no policy is against ???sleeper accounts??? or 4 year old editors with under 50 edits editing, but it is however a trait of COI editing, most especially when the sleeper account creates a borderline G11 promotional article for a non notable lawyer of which their explanation on how they got the image on the file is improbable. Celestina007 (talk) 14:33, 8 July 2021 (UTC) @Celestina007: Again, it is clear not a "sleeper account", i.e. an account created years ago and reactivated for nefarious reasons. It is someone who has appeared to edit sporadically, in good faith across a number of years. At this point you're casting aspersions without any solid evidence. In the absence of any evidence at all of COI, It's time to take the user's explanation at face value and AGF. --- Possibly ? 17:45, 8 July 2021 (UTC) Just cleaned up the article. A large part of the sources provided did not support the content of the article, especially the praises and promotional language. I'm finding difficult to believe that this could be the work of a good-faith editor. However, in the spirit of AGF, I think I will assume good faith and place a {{welcomenpov}} on this user's talk page. JBchrch talk 15:10, 8 July 2021 (UTC) @JBchrch, I literally laughed when I saw an editor defending this account. Anyways time would tell if or not the article was created in good faith. In the mean time I have no time to banter with anyone I have more none vapid trifling matters to attend to. If a COI isn???t present then please I do not see any reason this thread still open. It should closed. That I???d tell those supporting this COI promotional gibberish ???I told you so??? is an eventuality. I have unwatched the AFD, Wikipedia indeed does get the editors they deserve. My accuracy when nabbing UPE is near perfect, that a non anti spam editor is arguing with me in my field of expertise is just funny. Please someone close this already. Celestina007 (talk) 17:54, 8 July 2021 (UTC) Celestina007, stick to the facts and skip the personal attacks. --- Possibly ? 22:30, 8 July 2021 (UTC) For what it's worth I found the image in question -- it's publicly accessible on Facebook and put a speedy deletion tag on it over at Commons.Citing (talk) 21:42, 8 July 2021 (UTC) Editor GeorgeKotsolios[edit] Al-Futtaim Group (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Venture Friends (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Mubadala Investment Company (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) GeorgeKotsolios (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) The editor in question bears all the hallmarks of undisclosed paid editing. I don't know how much I'm allowed to say but the editor is undoubtedly a PR person for these companies. Snooganssnoogans (talk) 23:31, 8 July 2021 (UTC) Yes a little Googling confirms the account is not using Wikipedia the way it should. Let's try WP:AIV for a promotion-only account, and see what happens. --- Possibly ? 19:33, 10 July 2021 (UTC) User:Micheldekemmeter1 refuses to engage with Paid Contributor warnings[edit] Draft:Club of brussels (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Micheldekemmeter1 (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) Despite achieving level 4 warning for paid editing, Micheldekemmeter1 has continued to make edits withot declaring either that they are a paid editor or that they are not. Their user name suggests that they are the eponymnous Michel de Kemmeter. de Kemmeter is one of the founders of the Club of Brussels, thus, broadly construed, derivees a benefit or reward from the potential existence of an article in Wikipedia. I have tried to steer the editor towards making a formal declaration, but they are ignoring me, except for my own talk page. It is not a concern that they are editing in Draft: space. What is a concern is that they seem to choose simply to ignore formal advice to make a declaration. If I am mistaken in my analysis of their edits and putative reward, so be it. That is what consensus is about. FiddleTimtrent FaddleTalk to me 11:54, 9 July 2021 (UTC) Dear. Sorry I am trying to find out how to deal with this - its quite coimplicated for me. How can I comply ? ??? Preceding unsigned comment added by Micheldekemmeter1 (talk ??? contribs) 12:27, 9 July 2021 (UTC) @Micheldekemmeter1: Please begin by reading thoroughly the messages left by Timtrent on your talk page and feel free to message me on my talk page if you have any questions. I'm sure Timtrent is also ready to help you. In the meantime, please do not edit Wikipedia further until you have understood how the policies on conflict of interest work. JBchrch talk 12:37, 9 July 2021 (UTC) Thanks a lot JBchrch I will next week ! ??? Preceding unsigned comment added by Micheldekemmeter1 (talk ??? contribs) 13:22, 9 July 2021 (UTC) @Micheldekemmeter1 since you have had my input already, might I suggest you avail yourself of JBchrch's kind offer. It is always beneficial to gain more than a single perspective on something as important as this. Please do not mistake it for being a small matter. Paid editing in whatever form, however broadly construed, is highly restricted on Wikipedia. Thsi is a matter to deal with before you make any other edits, except edits asking for advice. FiddleTimtrent FaddleTalk to me 15:22, 9 July 2021 (UTC) Airthings Masters[edit] Airthings Masters (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Champions Chess Tour 2021 (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Airthings (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) Airthings is a company that sponsered the recent chess tournament Airthings Masters. On July 8, User:Airthings (who previously had not made any edits) made a number of edits, some of them (here, here and here) to the above two articles on the tournament and the tour it is part of. One of the edits boldfaced the name "Airthings", the other two redlinked it. I immediately wrote to the user on their talk page, pointing out that the user name raises the question whether the user is connected to Airthings and asking whether they are aware of the conflict of interest policy. This was two days ago; the user has not replied since. Joriki (talk) 13:35, 10 July 2021 (UTC) Username reported. --- Possibly ? 19:29, 10 July 2021 (UTC) Stareditor45 and Star Jalsha shows[edit] Stareditor45 (talk · contribs · deleted contribs · logs · edit filter log · block user · block log) The user since his/her first edit is only engaged in editing Star Jalsha soap operas. The editing pattern username looks like they are closely related to the TV channel and may be a WP:UPE. Also, I think a checkuser can confirm if they are sockpuppets of any previous masters. Thank you. Run n Fly (talk) 13:46, 10 July 2021 (UTC) @Oshwah: for any kind of help. Thank you Run n Fly (talk) 13:49, 10 July 2021 (UTC) User:?????????[edit] He is an undisclosed paid editor in english wiki. He is doing it extensively in the hebrew wikipedia with full disclosure. You can see here ??? Preceding unsigned comment added by 176.12.230.245 (talk ??? contribs) IP, there is no such user on en-wiki. Could you link directly to the en-wiki user page you are concerned about. --- Possibly ? 19:27, 10 July 2021 (UTC) here And here ??? Preceding unsigned comment added by 176.12.144.19 (talk) 19:35, 10 July 2021 (UTC) Bridge International Academies[edit] Bridge International Academies (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) This article has numerous edits from accounts whose only edits have been to it or to articles related to the organization. I would appreciate it if experienced editors would take a look to see if the article appears promotional. Thriley (talk) 16:13, 11 July 2021 (UTC) Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Conflict_of_interest/Noticeboard&oldid=1033182651" Categories: Wikipedia noticeboards Wikipedia dispute resolution Wikipedia conflict of interest editing Hidden categories: Non-talk pages that are automatically signed Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read Edit New section View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version Languages Français ??????? ????? ???? Edit links This page was last edited on 12 July 2021, at 03:57 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement