Wikipedia:What is an article? - Wikipedia Wikipedia:What is an article? From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia (Redirected from Wikipedia:Mainspace) Jump to navigation Jump to search Wikipedia information page This is an information page. It is not one of Wikipedia's policies or guidelines, but rather intends to describe some aspect(s) of Wikipedia's norms, customs, technicalities, or practices. It may reflect varying levels of consensus and vetting. Shortcuts WP:ARTICLE WP:WIAA For the guideline on definite and indefinite articles in article titles, see Wikipedia:Naming conventions (definite or indefinite article at beginning of name). See also: Wikipedia:FAQ Wikipedia data structure Namespaces Subject namespaces Talk namespaces 0 (Main/Article) Talk 1 2 User User talk 3 4 Wikipedia Wikipedia talk 5 6 File File talk 7 8 MediaWiki MediaWiki talk 9 10 Template Template talk 11 12 Help Help talk 13 14 Category Category talk 15 100 Portal Portal talk 101 118 Draft Draft talk 119 710 TimedText TimedText talk 711 828 Module Module talk 829 Deprecated 2300 Gadget Gadget talk 2301 2302 Gadget definition Gadget definition talk 2303 Virtual namespaces -1 Special -2 Media A Wikipedia article or entry is a page on this site that has encyclopedic information on it. A well-written encyclopedia article: identifies a notable topic, summarizes that topic comprehensively, is written in an encyclopedic style of language, has been well copyedited, contains references to reliable sources, and contains wikilinks to and is linked to by other articles or article sections about related topics. Most articles consist of paragraphs and images (perhaps with other types of audiovisual media). However, articles may also be formatted as stand-alone lists or tables (not to be confused with disambiguation pages which are purely navigation aids). These lists or tables are also considered articles for Wikipedia's purposes and are included in the Main/Article namespace, the one without a title prefix followed by a colon (:). The following items are not counted as articles (see also Wikipedia:Administration § Data structure and development): disambiguation pages, templates, navboxes (aka navigation boxes), user pages, talk pages (aka discussion pages), file pages for media such as images, category pages, help pages, and Wikipedia policies and guidelines pages (along with everything else in the Wikipedia: namespace). Contents 1 Article titles 2 Article scope 3 Quality of articles 4 Namespace 5 Lists of articles and statistics 6 See also 7 External links Article titles Wikipedia:Processes Article creation Introductory Getting started with Wikipedia Article wizard Your first article Suggested articles Most-wanted articles Requested articles Images needing articles Concepts and guidelines Standard layout Lead section Sections Stub articles Categorization Development processes Article development Moving a page Merging articles Featured article criteria The perfect article Meta tools and groups WikiProject: Articles for creation Special:NewPages New pages patrol New articles by topic Recent additions (DYK) v t e See Wikipedia:Article titles to learn how we title articles. Article scope Each article has a scope, which is what the article covers. The article should contain a readable summary of everything within the scope, given due weight, based on what reliable sources say. Quality of articles Articles range greatly in quality, from as high as featured articles to as low as candidates for speedy deletion. Some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter (possibly stubs) or of lesser quality. Namespace Shortcuts WP:NS0 WP:MAINSPACE WP:ARTICLESPACE Main page: Wikipedia:Administration § Data structure and development "Articles" belong to the main namespace of Wikipedia pages (also called "article namespace" or simply "mainspace"). The main namespace, article namespace, or mainspace is the namespace of Wikipedia that contains the encyclopedia proper???that is, where "live" Wikipedia articles reside, as opposed to Sandbox pages. The main namespace is the default namespace and does not use a prefix in article page names. This is distinct from other namespaces where page names are always prefixed by an indicator of the particular namespace in which the page resides. For example, all user pages are prefixed by "User:", their talk pages by "User talk:" templates by "Template:" and various types of internal administrative pages by "Wikipedia:" (such as this page). Thus, any page created without such a prefix will automatically be placed in the article namespace. The main namespace does not include any pages in any of the specified namespaces that are used for particular purposes, such as: the talk namespaces for discussing what the content of articles in mainspace should be (for example, Talk:Mathematics) the Wikipedia namespace, for material about meta subjects related to Wikipedia and is where policies and guidelines, essays, information, and process pages reside, as well as other "meta" topics about editing Wikipedia (examples, WP:VERIFY and Wikipedia:Statistics); the Wikipedia talk namespace, for discussing what the content of pages in Wikipedia space should be, and interpretations of them (for example, Wikipedia talk:VERIFY and Wikipedia talk:Statistics); the special namespace, whose pages are created by the software on demand (see Help:Special page); the user namespace for pages that are used by individual Wikipedia writers (example, User:Example). the file namespace which is used for describing and attributing images (example, File:Great Horned Owl.USFWS.jpg) the MediaWiki namespace which is used to define shortcuts and other text strings used around Wikipedia (example MediaWiki:Wikimedia-copyrightwarning) But not all pages in the article namespace are considered by all to be articles. Pages in mainspace that are not usually considered articles-proper are: the Main Page (a WP:Portal) thousands of disambiguation pages, which are used to resolve naming conflicts; many millions of redirect pages, including soft redirects, which are used to re-route one page to another page; Every page in the main namespace can have a companion talk page, and these belong to the "Talk" namespace, i.e., the pagenames start with the prefix "Talk:", followed by the name of the page in the main namespace. For example, "Talk:Wikipedia" is the talk page for Wikipedia's article on Wikipedia itself. Lists of articles and statistics Special:AllPages has a list of all pages in the article namespace and Wikipedia:Statistics for statistics on Wikipedia and its growth. The automatic definition used by the software at Special:Statistics is: any page that is in the article namespace, is not a redirect page and contains at least one wiki link. The statistics software currently has no method of detecting disambiguation pages, however; nor does it disregard stubs (but in any case, many articles tagged as stubs are quite substantial) or stublists (lists templates with little or no content). See also Wikipedia:Administration Wikipedia:Who writes Wikipedia? Wikipedia:Contributing to Wikipedia Wikipedia:Subpages Wikipedia:Featured article criteria What counts as an Article (from English Wikipedia's newsletter, The Signpost) External links Special:Statistics (current article count) More detailed (but less current) statistics v t e Wikipedia technical help Get personal technical help at the Teahouse, Help desk, Village pump (technical), talk pages or IRC. General technical help Browser notes Bypass cache Keyboard shortcuts Troubleshooting Editing CharInsert Edit conflict Edit toolbar Reverting How to create a page IRC Tutorial Mobile access Multilingual support Page history Page information Page name Help Printing Software notices Editnotice Special Characters Entering User access levels VisualEditor User guide Special page-related Special page help Edit filter Emailing users Logging in Reset passwords Logs Moving a page Fixing cut-and-paste moves Notifications/Echo FAQ Page Curation Page import Pending changes Random pages Recent changes Related changes Searching Linksearch Tags User contributions Watchlist What links here Wikitext Wikitext Cheatsheet Columns Line-break handling Lists Magic words For beginners Conditional expressions Switch parser function Time function Redirects Sections and TOCs Tables Introduction Basics Advanced table formatting Collapsing Conditional tables Sorting Using colours Links and diffs Links Interlanguage Interwiki Permanent Diffs Simplest diff guide Simple diff and link guide Complete diff and link guide Colon trick Link color Pipe trick URLs Media files: images, videos and sounds Media help Files Creation and usage Moving files to Commons Images Introduction to images Picture tutorial Preparing images for upload Uploading images Options to hide an image Extended image syntax SVG help Gallery tag Graphics tutorials Basic bitmap image editing How to improve image quality Graphics Lab resources Sound file markup Visual file markup Other graphics Family trees Graphs and charts How to create Barcharts To scale charts Math formulas Math symbols LaTeX symbols Rendering math Musical scores Musical symbols Timeline EasyTimeline syntax WikiHiero syntax Templates and Lua modules Templates Advanced template coding Template documentation Template index Template limits Template sandbox and test cases Citation templates Lua help Lua project Resources To do Substitution Purge Job queue Transclusion Labeled section Guide to Scribbling Data structure Namespaces Main/Article Category Draft File File description page Help Portal Project/Wikipedia Talk Archiving Template User User page design MediaWiki Bug reports and feature requests System message TimedMediaHandler extension Module Special HTML and CSS Cascading Style Sheets HTML in wikitext Catalogue of CSS classes Common.js and common.css User CSS for monospaced coding font Classes in microformats Markup validation Span tags Useful styles Customisation and tools Preferences Gadgets Skins Citation tools Cleaning up vandalism tools Customizing watchlists Hide pages IRC Scripts User scripts Guide Techniques User style Tools Alternative browsing Browser tools Editing tools Navigation shortcuts Optimum tool set Wikimedia Cloud Services Beta Features at MediaWiki Automated editing AfC helper script AutoWikiBrowser Bots Creating HotCat Huggle Navigation popups RedWarn Twinkle WPCleaner Inactive igloo STiki See also: Category:Wikipedia how-to Category:Wikipedia information pages Further navigation at: Help pages Administrators Accessibility Accounts Bots Referencing Citation metadata Templates User scripts Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:What_is_an_article%3F&oldid=1033128223#Namespace" Categories: Wikipedia information pages Wikipedia FAQs Articles Hidden categories: Wikipedia semi-protected project pages Wikipedia move-protected project pages Project pages with short description Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Wikiversity Wikivoyage Languages Afrikaans Alemannisch ????????? ????????? Asturianu ???????? ?????? Banjar Bân-lâm-gú Basa Banyumasan ??????????????? ??????????? ????????????? Bosanski Català ????????? ??eština Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch Eesti ????????? Español Esperanto Euskara ??????? Føroyskt Galego ??????? ???????? Hornjoserbsce Hrvatski Ilokano Bahasa Indonesia Interlingua Italiano ??????? Jawa Kapampangan ?????????? ????????????? Magyar ???????????? ??????? ?????? ?????? Minangkabau Mirandés Nederlands ???????? ?????????? Norsk bokmål O?zbekcha/????????? ???????? Português Ripoarisch Român?? ?????????? Shqip ????????? Simple English ??????? Sloven??ina Slovenš??ina ??????? ???????? / srpski Sunda Svenska Tagalog Tarandíne ??????????/tatarça ????? ?????? Türkçe ?????????????? ????? Ti?ng Vi??t ??? Zazaki ???? Edit links This page was last edited on 11 July 2021, at 19:29 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement