Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Main Page From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search Welcome to Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. 6,335,396 articles in English The arts Biography Geography History Mathematics Science Society Technology All portals From today's featured article The National Union of Freedom Fighters (NUFF) was an armed Marxist revolutionary group in Trinidad and Tobago. The group fought a guerrilla campaign to overthrow the government of Prime Minister Eric Williams following the failed 1970 Black Power uprising and a mutiny in the Trinidad and Tobago Regiment. NUFF formed from the Western United Liberation Front, a loose grouping of largely unemployed men from the western suburbs of Port of Spain. NUFF drew disaffected members of the National Joint Action Committee, a Black Power organisation, and established a training camp in south Trinidad. In 1972 and 1973 NUFF attacked police posts to acquire weapons, robbed banks, and carried out an insurgent campaign against the government. With improved intelligence capabilities, the government eventually killed or captured most of its leadership. Eighteen NUFF members and three policemen were killed over the course of the insurgency. NUFF was anti-imperialist and anti-capitalist and was notable for the extent to which women played an active role in the organisation, including among its guerrilla fighters. (Full article...) Recently featured: Plants vs. Zombies (video game) MAX Orange Line Red-bellied black snake Archive By email More featured articles Did you know ... Branka Veselinovi?? ... that Serbian actress Branka Veselinovi?? (pictured), whose career started in 1938, still performs aged 102? ... that the anti-apartheid anthem "Gimme Hope Jo'anna" was "bastardised" by being adapted as a yoghurt advert song titled "Gimme Yop, Me Mama"? ... that Christa Ludwig, known for fiction for young horse-lovers, received a prize after her novel about Else Lasker-Schüler's late years in Jerusalem was published? ... that the 2014 book Packaged Pleasures investigated the history of consumer culture and how the rise of packaging for products created "transmissible packets of pleasure" for popular consumption? ... that Ian Ang, the co-founder and CEO of the gaming chair company Secretlab, was a StarCraft II champion? ... that Róbert Berény's 1927???1928 oil painting Sleeping Lady with Black Vase was lost until 2009, when it was spotted being used as set dressing in the film Stuart Little? ... that Brigadier General James H. Stratton never saw combat in his thirty-year military career, but he was still shot once? ... that many Broadway stars went to Therapy on Monday nights? Archive Start a new article Nominate an article In the news Dilip Kumar in 1946 Indian actor Dilip Kumar (pictured) dies at the age of 98. In ice hockey, the Tampa Bay Lightning defeat the Montreal Canadiens in the Stanley Cup Finals. President of Haiti Jovenel Moïse is assassinated and interim prime minister Claude Joseph assumes leadership. Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky Air Flight 251 crashes on approach to Palana Airport, Russia, killing all 28 people on board. Ongoing: COVID-19 pandemic Recent deaths: Jose Jaime Espina Gian Franco Kasper Keshav Dutt Bryan Watson Michael Soles Virbhadra Singh Nominate an article On this day July 12 Japanese battleship Kawachi 927 ??? King ??thelstan of England secured the submission of four northern rulers: Constantine II of Scotland, Hywel Dda of Deheubarth, Ealdred I of Bamburgh, and Owain ap Dyfnwal of Strathclyde. 1801 ??? French Revolutionary Wars: A squadron of British ships of the line defeated a larger squadron of Spanish and French vessels in the Strait of Gibraltar. 1918 ??? An explosion in the ammunition magazine of the Japanese battleship Kawachi (pictured) resulted in the deaths of more than 600 officers and crewmen. 2006 ??? Hezbollah forces crossed the Israel???Lebanon border and attacked Israeli military positions while firing rockets and mortars at Israeli towns, sparking a five-week war. Bahlul Lodi (d. 1489) Josiah Wedgwood (b. 1730) Elsie de Wolfe (d. 1950) More anniversaries: July 11 July 12 July 13 Archive By email List of days of the year From today's featured list Yuzuru Hanyu Throughout his career, Japanese figure skater Yuzuru Hanyu has won at the Olympics twice (2014 and 2018) and achieved a Super Slam for having won all major competitions in his senior and junior career. He is the first skater in history to successfully land a quadruple loop jump in competition and has broken world records nineteen times???the most times amongst singles skaters since the introduction of the ISU Judging System in 2004. Hanyu is the current world record holder for the men's short program, in addition to the historical world records for the short program, free skating and combined total score. In recognition of his achievements, Hanyu has been awarded numerous accolades. He is the youngest recipient of the People's Honour Award (in 2018) by the prime minister of Japan. (Full list...) Recently featured: Timeline of the 1996 Atlantic hurricane season Media Forest most-broadcast songs of the 2010s in Romania National Treasures of Japan (archaeological materials) Archive More featured lists Today's featured picture The crested shriketit (Falcunculus frontatus) is a species of bird endemic to Australia, where it inhabits open eucalypt forest and woodland. It has a parrot-like beak that is used for stripping bark off trees in order to access insects and other invertebrates underneath. Males are larger than females in wing length, weight and bill-size, and have black throats, while females have olive-green throats; both sexes have bold black and white markings on the face. This male crested shriketit was photographed in Dharug National Park, New South Wales. Photograph credit: John Harrison Recently featured: Emily J. Harding Elena Runggaldier Roan antelope Archive More featured pictures Other areas of Wikipedia Community portal ??? Bulletin board, projects, resources and activities covering a wide range of Wikipedia areas. Help desk ??? Ask questions about using Wikipedia. Local embassy ??? For Wikipedia-related communication in languages other than English. Reference desk ??? Serving as virtual librarians, Wikipedia volunteers tackle your questions on a wide range of subjects. Site news ??? Announcements, updates, articles and press releases on Wikipedia and the Wikimedia Foundation. Village pump ??? For discussions about Wikipedia itself, including areas for technical issues and policies. Wikipedia's sister projects Wikipedia is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other projects: Commons Free media repository MediaWiki Wiki software development Meta-Wiki Wikimedia project coordination Wikibooks Free textbooks and manuals Wikidata Free knowledge base Wikinews Free-content news Wikiquote Collection of quotations Wikisource Free-content library Wikispecies Directory of species Wikiversity Free learning tools Wikivoyage Free travel guide Wiktionary Dictionary and thesaurus Wikipedia languages This Wikipedia is written in English. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below. 1,000,000+ articles ????????? Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands ???????? Polski Português ?????????? Svenska ?????????????? Ti?ng Vi??t ???? 250,000+ articles Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Bân-lâm-gú ????????????? Català ??eština Dansk Esperanto Euskara ???????? ??????? ??????? Magyar Norsk Bokmål Român?? Srpski Srpskohrvatski Suomi Türkçe 50,000+ articles Asturianu Bosanski Eesti ????????? Simple English Galego Hrvatski Latviešu Lietuvi? ??????? ???????????? Norsk nynorsk Sloven??ina Slovenš??ina ????? Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=1004593520" Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Main Page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons MediaWiki Meta-Wiki Multilingual Wikisource Wikispecies Wikibooks Wikidata Wikimania Wikinews Wikiquote Wikisource Wikiversity Wikivoyage Wiktionary Languages ????????? ?????? ????????????? Bosanski Català ??eština Dansk Deutsch Eesti ????????? Español Esperanto Euskara ??????? Français Galego ??????? Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Italiano ??????? ????????????????????? Latviešu Lietuvi? Magyar ???????????? Bahasa Melayu Nederlands ???????? Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk Polski Português Român?? ?????????? Simple English Sloven??ina Slovenš??ina ???????? / srpski Srpskohrvatski / ????????????????????? Suomi Svenska ????? Türkçe ?????????????? Ti?ng Vi??t ???? This page was last edited on 3 February 2021, at 11:11 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement