Wikipedia:WikiProject Nova Scotia - Wikipedia Wikipedia:WikiProject Nova Scotia From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search This is a WikiProject, an area for focused collaboration among Wikipedians. New participants are welcome; please feel free to participate! Guide to WikiProjects Directory of WikiProjects BC AB SK MB ON QC NB PE NS NL YT NT NU Some Wikipedians have formed a project to better organize information in articles related to Nova Scotia. This page and its subpages contain their suggestions; it is hoped that this project will help to focus the efforts of other Wikipedians. If you would like to help, please inquire on the talk page and see the to-do list there. The current focus of development is the Cape Breton Regional Municipality. Contents 1 Goals 2 Tips 3 Article grading 4 Structure 4.1 Navigation structure 4.2 Articles 5 Topicon 6 Meetups 7 Hierarchy definition 8 Requested images 9 Images without articles 10 Resources 10.1 Online 11 Infoboxes 12 Templates 12.1 Navigation boxes 12.2 Stub templates 12.3 Talk page template 12.4 Adjacent communities 13 Members 13.1 Active members 13.1.1 Significant contributors 13.2 Former members 13.3 Member identification 14 Categories 15 Useful tools 16 Related projects Nova Scotia articles by quality and importance Quality Importance Top High Mid Low NA Total FA 2 3 5 FL 2 2 GA 1 7 11 19 B 2 11 25 32 70 C 1 14 40 139 194 Start 15 275 1,230 1,520 Stub 3 166 3,406 3,575 List 1 3 48 104 1 157 Future 1 1 Category 1,138 1,138 Disambig 84 84 File 35 35 Project 4 4 Redirect 242 242 Template 51 51 Other 3 3 Assessed 5 50 561 4,926 1,558 7,100 Total 5 50 561 4,926 1,558 7,100 Goals[edit] This WikiProject's main goals are: Concise and detailed articles about every notable subject relating to Nova Scotia. Optimal topics navigation, including full coverage in Wikipedia's navigation subsystems (outlines, lists, categories, etc.), and relevant links between Nova Scotia articles, including pertinent side bars and navigation boxes. High quality and comprehensive coverage for all counties, towns, and incorporated municipalities in Nova Scotia, as well as related sub or specialty pages. Nova Scotia articles of Featured Article (FA) status. Tips[edit] To get an article to featured article status, make sure to follow these steps to ensure all articles we submit to Featured article candidates meet the FA criteria. All of these apply to almost any good article, so keep them in mind when editing even outside of Nova Scotia articles. The suggestions are: I. Write a good lead. Be sure to write a lead that concisely summarizes the entire article into one or two paragraphs which make sense to someone who may know nothing about the subject. II. Use good spelling and grammar. This is a very important aspect of an article. Many browsers support spell checking. III. Use footnotes. Take advantage of the footnote ability Wikipedia has, instead of including html links inside the context include them as footnotes. See Wikipedia:Footnotes on how to use them. IV. Use images if possible. Images enhance articles greatly, but only use them when they are necessary, and ensure that their copyright status has been specified and we are allowed to use it on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia:Images for more information. V. Use references. This is an encyclopedia, so remember to include a ==References== section listing websites, newspapers, articles, books and other sources you used to write the article. An article will not get accepted as a featured article candidate if it is missing references. See Wikipedia:Verifiability, Wikipedia:Cite_sources and Wikipedia:References. VI. Stay on topic. Many articles are criticized for length; sticking to the subject matter helps eliminate this. VII. Keep it simple. Remember that the average reader should be able to comprehend the erudition. Although you should use a broad vocabulary of regular, non-technical terms, do not provide such a quantity of locutions as to impel those who aspire to derive serviceable information from the article to consult a dictionary. VIII. Use common sense. You should know what perfect articles look like. They cover everything they should without going on forever. Common sense could have told you almost all of the items mentioned above. Ultimately, assume good faith, be bold, and go out there and write some good articles. Article grading[edit] WikiProject article quality grading scheme v t e Class Criteria Reader's experience Editing suggestions Example FA The article has attained featured article status by passing an in-depth examination by impartial reviewers from WP:Featured article candidates. More detailed criteria The article meets the featured article criteria: A featured article exemplifies Wikipedia's very best work and is distinguished by professional standards of writing, presentation, and sourcing. In addition to meeting the policies regarding content for all Wikipedia articles, it has the following attributes. It is: well-written: its prose is engaging and of a professional standard; comprehensive: it neglects no major facts or details and places the subject in context; well-researched: it is a thorough and representative survey of the relevant literature; claims are verifiable against high-quality reliable sources and are supported by inline citations where appropriate; neutral: it presents views fairly and without bias; stable: it is not subject to ongoing edit wars and its content does not change significantly from day to day, except in response to the featured article process; and compliant with Wikipedia's copyright policy and free of plagiarism or too-close paraphrasing. It follows the style guidelines, including the provision of: a lead or lede: a concise lead section that summarizes the topic and prepares the reader for the detail in the subsequent sections; appropriate structure: a substantial but not overwhelming system of hierarchical section headings; and consistent citations: where required by criterion 1c, consistently formatted inline citations using footnotes???see citing sources for suggestions on formatting references. Citation templates are not required. Media. It has images and other media, where appropriate, with succinct captions and acceptable copyright status. Images follow the image use policy. Non-free images or media must satisfy the criteria for inclusion of non-free content and be labeled accordingly. Length. It stays focused on the main topic without going into unnecessary detail and uses summary style. Professional, outstanding, and thorough; a definitive source for encyclopedic information. No further content additions should be necessary unless new information becomes available; further improvements to the prose quality are often possible. Halifax Explosion FL The article has attained featured list status. More detailed criteria The article meets the featured list criteria: Prose. It features professional standards of writing. Lead. It has an engaging lead that introduces the subject and defines the scope and inclusion criteria. Comprehensiveness. (a) It comprehensively covers the defined scope, providing at least all of the major items and, where practical, a complete set of items; where appropriate, it has annotations that provide useful and appropriate information about the items. (b) statements are sourced where they appear, and they provide inline citations if they contain any of the four kinds of material absolutely required to have citations. (c) In length and/or topic, it meets all of the requirements for stand-alone lists; does not violate the content-forking guideline, does not largely duplicate material from another article, and could not reasonably be included as part of a related article. Structure. It is easy to navigate and includes, where helpful, section headings and table sort facilities. Style. It complies with the Manual of Style and its supplementary pages. (a) Visual appeal. It makes suitable use of text layout, formatting, tables, and colour; and a minimal proportion of items are redlinked. (b) Media files. It has images and other media, if appropriate to the topic, that follow Wikipedia's usage policies, with succinct captions. Non-free images and other media satisfy the criteria for the inclusion of non-free content and are labeled accordingly. Stability. It is not the subject of ongoing edit wars and its content does not change significantly from day to day, except in response to the featured list process. Professional standard; it comprehensively covers the defined scope, usually providing a complete set of items, and has annotations that provide useful and appropriate information about those items. No further content additions should be necessary unless new information becomes available. List of Premiers of Nova Scotia A The article is well organized and essentially complete, having been examined by impartial reviewers from a WikiProject or elsewhere. Good article status is not a requirement for A-Class. More detailed criteria The article meets the A-Class criteria: Provides a well-written, clear and complete description of the topic, as described in Wikipedia:Article development. It should be of a length suitable for the subject, appropriately structured, and be well referenced by a broad array of reliable sources. It should be well illustrated, with no copyright problems. Only minor style issues and other details need to be addressed before submission as a featured article candidate. See the A-Class assessment departments of some of the larger WikiProjects (e.g. WikiProject Military history). Very useful to readers. A fairly complete treatment of the subject. A non-expert in the subject would typically find nothing wanting. Expert knowledge may be needed to tweak the article, and style problems may need solving. WP:Peer review may help. none at this time GA The article has attained good article status, having been examined by one or more impartial reviewers from WP:Good article nominations. More detailed criteria The article meets the good article criteria: A good article is: Well written: the prose is clear, concise, and understandable to an appropriately broad audience; spelling and grammar are correct; and it complies with the manual of style guidelines for lead sections, layout, words to watch, fiction, and list incorporation. Verifiable with no original research: it contains a list of all references (sources of information), presented in accordance with the layout style guideline; all inline citations are from reliable sources, including those for direct quotations, statistics, published opinion, counter-intuitive or controversial statements that are challenged or likely to be challenged, and contentious material relating to living persons—science-based articles should follow the scientific citation guidelines; it contains no original research; and it contains no copyright violations nor plagiarism. Broad in its coverage: it addresses the main aspects of the topic; and it stays focused on the topic without going into unnecessary detail (see summary style). Neutral: it represents viewpoints fairly and without editorial bias, giving due weight to each. Stable: it does not change significantly from day to day because of an ongoing edit war or content dispute. Illustrated, if possible, by media such as images, video, or audio: media are tagged with their copyright statuses, and valid fair use rationales are provided for non-free content; and media are relevant to the topic, and have suitable captions. Useful to nearly all readers, with no obvious problems; approaching (but not equaling) the quality of a professional encyclopedia. Some editing by subject and style experts is helpful; comparison with an existing featured article on a similar topic may highlight areas where content is weak or missing. Halifax Central Library B The article is mostly complete and without major problems but requires some further work to reach good article standards. More detailed criteria The article meets the six B-Class criteria: The article is suitably referenced, with inline citations. It has reliable sources, and any important or controversial material which is likely to be challenged is cited. Any format of inline citation is acceptable: the use of <ref> tags and citation templates such as {{cite web}} is optional. The article reasonably covers the topic, and does not contain obvious omissions or inaccuracies. It contains a large proportion of the material necessary for an A-Class article, although some sections may need expansion, and some less important topics may be missing. The article has a defined structure. Content should be organized into groups of related material, including a lead section and all the sections that can reasonably be included in an article of its kind. The article is reasonably well-written. The prose contains no major grammatical errors and flows sensibly, but it does not need to be "brilliant". The Manual of Style does not need to be followed rigorously. The article contains supporting materials where appropriate. Illustrations are encouraged, though not required. Diagrams, an infobox etc. should be included where they are relevant and useful to the content. The article presents its content in an appropriately understandable way. It is written with as broad an audience in mind as possible. Although Wikipedia is more than just a general encyclopedia, the article should not assume unnecessary technical background and technical terms should be explained or avoided where possible. Readers are not left wanting, although the content may not be complete enough to satisfy a serious student or researcher. A few aspects of content and style need to be addressed. Expert knowledge may be needed. The inclusion of supporting materials should be considered if practical, and the article checked for general compliance with the Manual of Style and related style guidelines. Bay of Fundy C The article is substantial but is still missing important content or contains much irrelevant material. The article should have some references to reliable sources, but may still have significant problems or require substantial cleanup. More detailed criteria The article cites more than one reliable source and is better developed in style, structure, and quality than Start-Class, but it fails one or more of the criteria for B-Class. It may have some gaps or missing elements; need editing for clarity, balance, or flow; or contain policy violations, such as bias or original research. Articles on fictional topics are likely to be marked as C-Class if they are written from an in-universe perspective. It is most likely that C-Class articles have a reasonable encyclopedic style. Useful to a casual reader, but would not provide a complete picture for even a moderately detailed study. Considerable editing is needed to close gaps in content and solve cleanup problems. Halifax, Nova Scotia Start An article that is developing but still quite incomplete. It may or may not cite adequate reliable sources. More detailed criteria The article has a usable amount of good content but is weak in many areas. Quality of the prose may be distinctly unencyclopedic, and Wikipedia:Manual of Style compliance non-existent. The article should satisfy fundamental content policies, such as Wikipedia:Biographies of living persons. Frequently, the referencing is inadequate, although enough sources are usually provided to establish verifiability. No Start-Class article should be in any danger of being speedily deleted. Provides some meaningful content, but most readers will need more. Providing references to reliable sources should come first; the article also needs substantial improvement in content and organisation. Also improve the grammar, spelling, writing style and improve the jargon use. Africville Stub A very basic description of the topic. Can be well-written, but may also have significant content issues. More detailed criteria The article is either a very short article or a rough collection of information that will need much work to become a meaningful article. It is usually very short; however, if the material is irrelevant or incomprehensible, an article of any length falls into this category. Although Stub-class articles are the lowest class of the normal classes, they are adequate enough to be an accepted article, though they do have risks of being dropped from being an article altogether. Provides very little meaningful content; may be little more than a dictionary definition. Readers probably see insufficiently developed features of the topic and may not see how the features of the topic are significant. Any editing or additional material can be helpful. The provision of meaningful content should be a priority. The best solution for a Stub-class Article to step up to a Start-class Article is to add in referenced reasons of why the topic is significant. Premier of Nova Scotia List Meets the criteria of a stand-alone list, which is an article that contains primarily a list, usually consisting of links to articles in a particular subject area. There is no set format for a list, but its organization should be logical and useful to the reader. Lists should be lists of live links to Wikipedia articles, appropriately named and organized. List of lakes in Nova Scotia Structure[edit] This section is about the structure of Wikipedia's overall coverage of Nova Scotia throughout its pages and links. Navigation structure[edit] Top-level Nova Scotia navigation pages include: Nova Scotia (includes infobox and navigation boxes) Outline of Nova Scotia Category:Nova Scotia Other pieces of the navigation system include: Nova Scotia-related lists Nova Scotia templates Infoboxes on Nova Scotia-related articles See also sections of Nova Scotia-related articles Outlines of counties, cities, etc. (not yet created) Nova Scotia category pages Articles[edit] See also: Naming conventions Following Wikipedia standard, article titles should relate to the best-known name in most cases. It has become standard that communities and place names in Canada be followed by the name of the Province, thus Halifax Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia. Redirects should be created for commonly used nicknames, and for place names without the province following the name, where possible. Structure County Pages Articles for Nova Scotia Counties need to have the following: Inclusion or upgrade to NS Counties sidebar template. Removal of county direction finder at bottom of page, in lieu of adjacent county section of template. Inclusion of data from Statistics Canada Check the Stats Canada Webpage for correct household income (most data currently on page is actually average individual income). Town/Municipality Pages Articles for Nova Scotia Towns/Municipalities need to have the following: Inclusion or upgrade {{Infobox Settlement}} template. Inclusion of data from Statistics Canada where available. Format Here is one suggestion on how to begin: Sherose Island (43º32'00"N, 65º35'57"W) is a small Canadian island located off the South Shore of Nova Scotia. The island is located in the Barrington Passage, a small strait in Shelburne County and measures approximately 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) long and 0.5 kilometres (0.3 mi) wide. It is connected to mainland Nova Scotia by a short causeway. If you are only able to get a few details for a particular article, please add the appropriate stub at the bottom of the page. Ensure that appropriate county and HRM community categories are added, as detailed below. Topicon[edit] {{Wikipedia:Nova_Scotia/topicon}} Meetups[edit] None pending. Past meetups Wikipedia:Meetup/Halifax/ArtAndFeminism/NSCAD (March 7, 2015) Wikipedia:Meetup/Halifax/Keshen_Goodman_editathon (March 19, 2016) Wikipedia:Meetup/Pier21 (April 2, 2016) Hierarchy definition[edit] No classification of this project has been defined. Requested images[edit] (none at the moment) Images without articles[edit] Images of buildings in Nova Scotia which do not yet have articles, but potentially could. Parrsboro United Baptist Church St. Agnes Catholic Church in Halifax St. George's Anglican Church in Parrsboro Trinity United Church in Parrsboro Resources[edit] Online[edit] NovaStory - a partnership between NS libraries and communities The Atlas of Canada - Toporama NS Open Data Portal NS civic address locator NS Electoral District Information Members of the NS Legislative Assembly NS 2013 election results Nova Scotia archives NS Historical Newspapers NS community museums digitized History NS county boundaries NS Interactive Maps & Apps Protected areas map 2016 census search Category:Lists of historic places in Nova Scotia List of designated places in Nova Scotia Place-Names and Places of Nova Scotia <ref name="names">{{cite book|last1=Fergusson|first1=C. Bruce|title=Place-Names and Places of Nova Scotia|date=1967|publisher=[[Public Archives of Nova Scotia]]|location=Halifax, NS|page=?????????|url=https://novascotia.ca/archives/places/page.asp?ID=?????????|accessdate=12 July 2021}}</ref> Canadian Geographical Names Data Base <ref name=cnbg>{{cite cgndb|id=*****|name=???????|accessdate=12 July 2021}}</ref> Canadian Register of Historic Places <ref name=chrp>{{CRHP|ID|name|12 July 2021}}</ref> See also Wikipedia:Canadian Register of Historic Places Infoboxes[edit] Lockeport Town Lockeport Location within Nova Scotia Coordinates: 43°42???42???N 65°06???44???W? / ?43.711754°N 65.11225°W? / 43.711754; -65.11225 Country Canada Province Nova Scotia Municipality Shelburne County Founded 1762 Incorporated February 26, 1907 Government ??? Mayor Darian Huskilson ??? Governing Body Town of Lockeport Council Area ??? Total 2.32 km2 (0.90 sq mi) Highest elevation 3 m (10 ft) Lowest elevation 0 m (0 ft) Population (2001) ??? Total 701 ??? Density 300/km2 (780/sq mi) Time zone UTC-4 (AST) Postal code B0T 1L0 Area code(s) 902 Telephone Exchange 656 Median Earnings* $33,854 *Median household income, 2005 ($) (all households) Places in Nova Scotia All settlements in Nova Scotia should use {{Infobox settlement}}. This infobox provides a consistent look between the various types settlements in Nova Scotia and settlements in the other parts of Canada like Toronto, Montreal, St. John's, and Edmonton. The default "settlement_type" is city, but it can be changed to reflect any type of settlement, like counties, towns, villages, etc. {{Infobox Settlement}} also has a super imposable dot map feature that allows a map to be used with any settlement in Nova Scotia. Click on the examples below for different types of usage. For use with the Counties of Nova Scotia Example: Lunenburg County For use with the Towns in Nova Scotia Example: Lockeport (also see the example to the right) For use with the Villages of Nova Scotia Example: Havre Boucher For use with the Communities - Areas of HRM Example: Dartmouth, Nova Scotia Templates[edit] Navigation boxes[edit] Politics of Nova Scotia {{Nova_Scotia_politics}} v t e Politics of Nova Scotia The Crown Sovereign Queen Elizabeth II Lieutenant-Governor Arthur LeBlanc Former lieutenant-governors Premier Iain Rankin Former premiers Executive Council (Cabinet) Opposition leader Tim Houston Former Opposition leaders House of Assembly Current members Past General Assemblies Speaker of the Assembly Kevin Murphy Former Speakers Political parties Liberal Progressive Conservative New Democratic Green Atlantica Elections 2017 general election Past elections Other provinces and territories BC AB SK MB ON QC NB NS PEI NL YU NT NU Subdivisions of Nova Scotia {{Subdivisions of Nova Scotia}} v t e Subdivisions of Nova Scotia Historical counties Annapolis Antigonish Cape Breton Colchester Cumberland Digby Guysborough Halifax Hants Inverness Kings Lunenburg Pictou Queens Richmond Shelburne Victoria Yarmouth Economic regions Annapolis Valley Cape Breton Island Halifax Regional Municipality North Shore Southern Nova Scotia Regional municipalities Cape Breton Halifax Queens West Hants County municipalities Annapolis Antigonish Colchester Cumberland Inverness Kings Pictou Richmond Victoria District municipalities Argyle Barrington Chester Clare Digby East Hants Guysborough Lunenburg Shelburne St. Mary's Yarmouth Towns Amherst Annapolis Royal Antigonish Berwick Bridgewater Clark's Harbour Digby Kentville Lockeport Lunenburg Mahone Bay Middleton Mulgrave New Glasgow Oxford Pictou Port Hawkesbury Shelburne Stellarton Stewiacke Trenton Truro Westville Wolfville Yarmouth Villages Aylesford Baddeck Bible Hill Canning Chester Cornwallis Square Dover Freeport Greenwood Hebbville Kingston Lawrencetown New Minas Port Williams Pugwash River Hebert St. Peter's Tatamagouche Tiverton Westport Weymouth Lists List of communities in Nova Scotia List of municipalities in Nova Scotia List of people from Nova Scotia Category:Nova Scotia Portal:Canada WikiProject:Nova Scotia Stub templates[edit] Basic stub - {{NovaScotia-stub}} This Nova Scotia???related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. v t e County/Municipality stub - {{HalifaxNS-geo-stub}} This Halifax County, Nova Scotia location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. v t e Geography stub - {{NovaScotia-geo-stub}} This Nova Scotia location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. v t e Talk page template[edit] The tag {{WikiProject Canada|ns=yes|class=|importance=}} should be added to the top of the talk page of all articles maintained by this WikiProject. WikiProject Canada / Nova Scotia (Rated Project-class) Canada portal This article is within the scope of WikiProject Canada, a collaborative effort to improve the coverage of Canada on Wikipedia. If you would like to participate, please visit the project page, where you can join the discussion and see a list of open tasks.CanadaWikipedia:WikiProject CanadaTemplate:WikiProject CanadaCanada-related articles Project This article has been rated as Project-Class on the project's quality scale. This page is supported by WikiProject Nova Scotia. Adjacent communities[edit] The template {{Geographic Location (8-way)}} should be added to each community for easier navigation. Places adjacent to WikiProject Nova Scotia Northwest Pagename on Northwest Boulevard Northville on Route N Northeastland on Route NE Westlands on West Road {{PAGENAME}} Easttown on Trunk E Southwest Settlement on Rural Road South Village on South Road Southeasthill on Highway SE Members[edit] Active members[edit] To join WikiProject Nova Scotia, edit this section and add the Wikitext #{{subst:me}} with your areas of interest to the bottom of the following list of members. Members should also place member identification on their user page. Abebenjoe History, technology, geography, copy-editing and images Derek Andrews DJSasso ebe123 JakeR - Focus on geography Mayumashu OldCommentator Plasma east Sportyguy03 - Focus on Athletics and Greek Life rockerroyal - Focus on municipalities User:NovaBrunswick - I'm interested in the whole of Nova Scotia, but particularly Pictou County Ale Games13 (talk · contribs) - I focus in the Eastern Shore and Musquodoboit Valley regions. Pladica - No particular interests, but some things I will try to contribute to is flora, fauna, history, communities, locations, geographic features, historic sites and folklore Significant contributors[edit] RobNS - wiki sites for religious buildings Hantsheroes - Contributing military raids and battles in the Maritimes Waye Mason - Contributing music sites User:Cavenba - focus on Pictou County RobHutten - music sites SnowyBadger - biographical, historical, medical articles The Transhumanist - outline and navigation Former members[edit] Thank you for your help! Please move your username back to the active list when you can participate again. The Chief Trevor MacInnis Freshfighter9 FelisRead A.Harpell letterofmarque Qyd Theyab 07 Kirjtc2 Mikeee Ampersand2006 FrankCostanza CraigBurley Thomasiscool Andrew647 Iamthecockatoo Kirk O'Connell Vancyon Stephen E. Pye JJ The Jet Plane Windjade boshalladayNS Recycledpaper joverm Turgan (talk · contribs) Hrosv HistoryBuff2 User:vicmf ScarTissueBloodBlister Spankr (talk · contribs) Gordalmighty (talk · contribs) bardencj (talk · contribs) HalifaxnBlack Gmpm (talk · contribs) Member identification[edit] Members of WikiProject Nova Scotia should place one of the following lines of Wikitext on their user page to add it to Category:WikiProject Nova Scotia members. Wikitext userbox where used [[Category:WikiProject Nova Scotia members]] none linked pages {{Template:User WikiProject Nova Scotia}} This user is a member of WikiProject Nova Scotia. linked pages {{Template:User WP Nova Scotia}} This user is a member of WikiProject Nova Scotia. linked pages {{Template:User WP Nova Scotia|invite}} This user invites you to join WikiProject Nova Scotia. linked pages For other Nova Scotia user templates see Category:Nova Scotia user templates. Categories[edit] ??? Nova Scotia ??? Nova Scotia-related lists ??? Buildings and structures in Nova Scotia ??? Communications in Nova Scotia ??? Conflicts in Nova Scotia ??? Counties of Nova Scotia ??? Culture of Nova Scotia ??? Economy of Nova Scotia ??? Education in Nova Scotia ??? Environment of Nova Scotia ??? Events in Nova Scotia ??? Geography of Nova Scotia ??? Geology of Nova Scotia ??? Government of Nova Scotia ??? Health in Nova Scotia ??? History of Nova Scotia ??? Nova Scotia law ??? People from Nova Scotia ??? Politics of Nova Scotia ??? Professional wrestling in Nova Scotia ??? Science and technology in Nova Scotia ??? Nova Scotia society ??? Sport in Nova Scotia ??? Transport in Nova Scotia ??? Nova Scotia stubs Category:Nova_Scotia Category:Halifax, Nova Scotia Category:History of Nova Scotia Category:Conflicts in Nova Scotia Useful tools[edit] Main tool page: toolserver.org Reflinks - Edits bare references - adds title/dates etc. to bare references Checklinks - Edit and repair external links Dab solver - Quickly resolve ambiguous links. Peer reviewer - Provides hints and suggestion to improving articles. Related projects[edit] WikiProject Canada Provinces/territories Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland & Labrador Nova Scotia Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Canadian Territories Communities Communities Montreal Okanagan Ottawa Toronto Vancouver SK communities Topics Education in Canada Canada roads Canadian sport Canadian football Geography of Canada History of Canada Politics Government Electoral districts Political parties and politicians Canadian law Entertainment Canadian music Canadian television Degrassi Tasks forces & work groups Canadian animation Canadian cinema Canadian comics/cartooning Canadian military history Volcanism of Canada Notice boards Canada Quebec v t e Wikipedia key policies and guidelines (?) Five pillars Ignore all rules Content (?) P Verifiability No original research Neutral point of view What Wikipedia is not Biographies of living persons Copyright (Copyright violations) Image use Article titles G Notability Autobiography Citing sources Reliable sources Reliable sources (medicine) Do not include copies of lengthy primary sources Plagiarism Don't create hoaxes Fringe theories Patent nonsense External links Conduct (?) P Civility Consensus Harassment Vandalism Ignore all rules No personal attacks Ownership of content Edit warring Dispute resolution Sockpuppetry No legal threats Child protection Paid-contribution disclosure G Assume good faith Conflict of interest Disruptive editing Do not disrupt Wikipedia to illustrate a point Etiquette Gaming the system Please do not bite the newcomers Courtesy vanishing Responding to threats of harm Talk page guidelines Signatures Deletion (?) P Deletion policy Proposed deletion Biographies Criteria for speedy deletion Attack page Oversight Revision deletion Enforcement (?) P Administrators Banning Blocking Page protection Editing (?) P Editing policy G Article size Be bold Disambiguation Hatnotes Broad-concept article Understandability Style Manual of Style Contents Accessibility Dates and numbers Images Layout Lead section Linking Lists Classification Categories, lists, and navigation templates Categorization Template namespace Project content (?) G Project namespace WikiProjects User pages User boxes Shortcuts Subpages WMF (?) P Terms of Use List of policies Friendly space policy Licensing and copyright Privacy policy List of all policies and guidelines P: List of policies G: List of guidelines Summaries of values and principles v t e WikiProject Council WikiProject guides WikiProject Council Talk Guidelines/Intro WikiProjects Task forces Technical notes Assessment FAQ Work via WikiProjects Directories and summaries Directory Proposals Signpost Shortcuts Popular pages Database reports Watchers Culture and the arts Arts Music Performing Plastic Visual Broadcasting Crafts and hobbies Entertainment Games and toys Food and drink Internet culture Language and literature Biography Linguistics Media Philosophy and religion Sports Geographical Bodies of water Cities Countries Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Landforms Maps Parks, conservation areas and historical sites History and society History and society Business and economics Education Military and warfare Politics and government Transportation Science, technology and engineering Science Biology Chemistry Economics Geosciences Information science Mathematics Medicine Meteorology Physics Space Technology Time Wikipedia assistance and tasks Contents systems Maintenance Files Article improvement and grading Classroom projects WikiProjects Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:WikiProject_Nova_Scotia&oldid=1028045896" Categories: Active WikiProjects WikiProject Nova Scotia Canada WikiProjects Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version Languages Français Edit links This page was last edited on 11 June 2021, at 14:28 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement