Wikipedia:Requests for permissions - Wikipedia Wikipedia:Requests for permissions From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search Request page for admins to grant user rights "WP:PERM" redirects here. You may be looking for Wikipedia:Requesting copyright permission or Help:Permanent link. Administrator instructions v t e Noticeboards Wikipedia's centralized discussion, request, and help venues. For a listing of ongoing discussions and current requests, see the dashboard. General Administrators main incidents Bots Bureaucrats Centralized discussion Closure requests Education Interface admins Main Page errors Open proxies VRT Oversight User permissions Articles and content Biographies of living persons Copyrights questions on media problems Dispute resolution External links Fringe theories Neutral point of view Original research Reliable sources Resource requests Spam blacklist whitelist Scalable vector graphics Titleblacklist Translation Page handling History merges Mergers Splits Moves Protection Importation XfD Articles Redirects Categories Templates Files Miscellany Undeletion User conduct Conflict of interest Contributor copyright Edit warring and 3RR Sanctions Personal restrictions General sanctions Sockpuppets Usernames Vandalism Other Arbitration Committee noticeboard requests enforcement Edit filters requested false positives Questions Help desk Teahouse Reference desk New articles Requests for comment Village pump policy technical proposals idea lab WMF miscellaneous WikiProject proposals Category:Wikipedia noticeboards Skip to TOC Skip to bottom Requests for permissions Shortcuts WP:PERM WP:RFR WP:RFPERM This page enables administrators to handle requests for permissions on the English Wikipedia. Administrators are able to modify account creator, autopatrolled, confirmed, file mover, extended confirmed, mass message sender, new page reviewer, page mover, pending changes reviewer, rollback, template editor rights and AutoWikiBrowser access. Editors wishing to request a permission flag here should do so following the procedure below. Editors requesting permissions are advised to periodically revisit the requests page, as notifications will not always be given after a decision is made. Editors should not expect their request to be answered right away and should remember to be patient when filing a request. To find out what permissions your account has, go to Special:Preferences, where your permissions are listed in the user profile tab under "Member of groups". Requests for permissions are archived regularly; please see Wikipedia:Requests for permissions/Archive for an index of past requests. If this page has been recently modified, it may not reflect the most recent changes. Please purge this page to view the most recent changes. Bot report: 1 error as of 16:40, 11 July 2021 (UTC) Autopatrolled FATAL: User:Kncny11 not found! There may be a typo or the account was renamed. Contents 1 Permissions 1.1 Handled here 1.1.1 User groups 1.2 Handled elsewhere 2 Removal of permissions 3 Process 3.1 Requestors 3.2 Administrators 4 Current requests 4.1 Account creator 4.2 Autopatrolled 4.2.1 User:VersaceSpace 4.2.2 User:Link20XX 4.2.3 User:PhotographyEdits 4.2.4 User:DaffodilOcean 4.2.5 User:Heba Aisha 4.2.6 User:Assyrtiko 4.2.7 User:Kncny11 4.2.8 User:MoviesandTelevisionFan 4.3 AutoWikiBrowser 4.3.1 User:PK2 4.3.2 User:Yahya 4.3.3 User:Extraordinary Writ 4.3.4 User:Peterjamesb 4.3.5 User:Alexiscoutinho 4.3.6 User:Chidananda Kampa 4.3.7 User:BHARATHESHA ALASANDEMAJALU 4.3.8 User:Ebbedlila 4.3.9 User:Sreejithk2000 AWB 4.3.10 User:Vukky 4.3.11 User:MarioGom 4.4 Confirmed 4.5 Event coordinator 4.6 Extended confirmed 4.7 File mover 4.7.1 User:Herostratus 4.7.2 User:Berrely 4.8 Mass message sender 4.9 New page reviewer 4.9.1 User:MPGuy2824 4.9.2 User:Alecpalm 4.9.3 User:Urve 4.10 Page mover 4.10.1 User:Ng.j 4.10.2 User:Fade258 4.10.3 User:SSSB 4.10.4 User:UW Dawgs 4.11 Pending changes reviewer 4.11.1 User:Pinakpani 4.11.2 User:Princepratap1234 4.11.3 User:0qd 4.11.4 User:Akrasia25 4.11.5 User:Iamfarzan 4.12 Rollback 4.12.1 User:Fade258 4.12.2 User:Fire star on heat 4.12.3 User:Ratnahastin 4.12.4 User:Ken Tony 4.12.5 User:Ivanbetanco43 4.12.6 User:Littlecat456 4.12.7 User:JayzBox 4.12.8 User:Zudo 4.12.9 User:Ts12rAc 4.13 Template editor Permissions Handled here User groups Account creator (add request • view requests): The account creator flag is granted to users who are active in the request an account process. The flag removes the limit on the maximum number of new accounts that can be created in a 24 hour period. It also allows users to make accounts with names similar to other accounts. The account creator flag is only given to users who participate in the ACC process and may be removed without notice should a user's participation in the account creation process cease. Autopatrolled (add request • view requests): The autopatrolled flag is granted to users who are active in the creation of new articles. This tool is granted so their creations are auto patrolled in Special:NewPages. Unlike other requests, any user may nominate an editor for Autopatrolled, even without that user's consent. A user who wishes to have this flag generally should have created at least 25 articles and must be trusted, experienced, and must have demonstrated they are familiar with Wikipedia's policies and guidelines, especially WP:BLP and Wikipedia:Notability. AutoWikiBrowser (add request • view requests): AutoWikiBrowser is a semi-automated MediaWiki editor for Microsoft Windows, designed to make tedious repetitive tasks quicker and easier. It is essentially a browser that automatically opens up a new page when the last is saved. When set to do so, it suggests some changes (typically formatting) that are generally meant to be incidental to the main change. Please read the quick guide on the main page before requesting permission. This is not a true user right, but access needs to be granted by administrators just like other permissions. If approved, your name will be added to the CheckPage. Users with under 250 non-automated mainspace edits or 500 total mainspace edits are rarely approved. You will need to give a reason for wanting AWB access. Confirmed (add request • view requests): The confirmed flag may be granted to new users who have not yet hit the threshold for autoconfirmed status. These are users who have not had both 10 edits and 4 days experience. People with this flag can upload files and edit semi-protected pages before hitting the autoconfirmed flag. Users requesting this flag must indicate clearly why they should be exempted from the customary confirmation period. Event coordinator (add request • view requests): The event coordinator user right allows editors to create multiple new accounts, and to temporarily confirm accounts so that they can create new articles. Extended confirmed (add request • view requests): The extended confirmed flag is normally automatically added to accounts after 500 edits and 30 days, but may be added to legitimate alternate accounts of users that already have this access. The flag allows users to edit pages under extended confirmed protection. File mover (add request • view requests): The file mover user right is intended to allow users experienced in working with files to rename them, subject to policy, with the ease that autoconfirmed users already enjoy when renaming Wikipedia articles. Mass message sender (add request • view requests): Mass message sender enables users to send messages to multiple users at once. This flag is given to users who have made requests for delivery in the past, clearly showing an understanding of the guidance for use. New page reviewer (add request • view requests): The new page reviewer user right allows users to mark pages as patrolled and use the page curation toolbar. At administrators' discretion, the right may be accorded on a time limited basis or indefinite. Page mover (add request • view requests): The page mover user right allows users experienced in working with article names to move them, subject to policy, without leaving behind a redirect. They may also move all subpages when moving the parent page(s). General guidelines include making 3,000 edits and 6 months of editing history. At administrators' discretion, the right may be accorded on a time limited basis or indefinite. Pending changes reviewer (add request • view requests): The reviewer flag is granted to users who are experienced enough with Wikipedia editing and its policies for contributing to the process of reviewing articles placed under pending changes. Rollback (add request • view requests): Rollback enables users to remove vandalism much more quickly and efficiently than by undoing it. Users who do not demonstrate an understanding of what constitutes capable vandalism fighting, either because they have no or little history of doing so, or show a poor ability to discern between good and bad faith edits will not be granted this right. Also, it is unlikely that editors with under 200 mainspace edits will have their request granted. For a more detailed explanation of rollback and information about when it is appropriate to use the tool, see Wikipedia:Rollback. For information about the technical details of the feature, see here. Template editor (add request • view requests): The template editor flag allows users to edit protected templates and Lua modules. General guidelines for granting include making at least 1,000 edits overall (with at least 150 to templates or modules), being a registered user for over a year, and having a record of successfully proposing significant edits to several protected templates. Users should demonstrate proficiency with template syntax and an understanding of the need for caution when editing heavily-used templates. Handled elsewhere Several permissions are requested and handled elsewhere: Administrator and bureaucrat access: Requests for administrator or bureaucrat access need to be posted at requests for adminship and requests for bureaucratship, respectively. Bots: Request for bot flags should be made at Wikipedia:Bots/Requests for approval. Edit filter: Requests for access to the edit filter manager group and the edit filter helper group should be made at Wikipedia:Edit filter noticeboard. Interface administrator: Requests for interface administrator access should be made at Wikipedia:Bureaucrats' noticeboard. Only current administrators may become interface administrators. IP-block-exempt: While the IP-block-exempt right can be granted by administrators, this flag is not handled here. Requests for the IP-block exempt right should be submitted via the Unblock Ticket Request System or, if there are significant privacy concerns, email the checkuser team at checkuser-en-wpwikipedia.org or contact a CheckUser directly. Checkuser and Oversight: These rights are only granted by the Arbitration Committee, and only after strict scrutiny. More information can be found here. AfC reviewer: This access is granted by administrators at Wikipedia talk:WikiProject Articles for creation/Participants. Redirect patrol whitelist: Addition to the whitelist is granted by administrators at Wikipedia talk:New pages patrol/Redirect whitelist. Steward permissions can only be granted in yearly elections, and are rarely given. Global permissions such as global renamer, sysop, IP block exempt, rollback, etc should be made at meta:Steward requests/Global permissions. Removal of permissions If you wish to have any of your permission flags (except administrator) removed, you should contact an administrator. If you want your administrator flag removed, you should contact a bureaucrat. This is not the place to request review of another user's rights. If you believe someone's actions merit removal of a permission flag, you should raise your concern at the incidents noticeboard. The bureaucrat, checkuser, and oversight flags are removed at meta:Steward requests/Permissions. Stewards will typically not carry out such requests unless they are made on behalf of the Arbitration Committee, by a user who is requesting their own access be removed, or in cases of an emergency. Process Requestors To make a request for a permission, click "add request" next to the appropriate header and fill in the reason for wanting permission. Any editor may comment on requests for permission. Administrators Full instructions at Wikipedia:Requests for permissions/Administrator instructions Administrators are permitted to grant account creator, autopatrolled, confirmed, event coordinator, file mover, mass message sender, page mover, pending changes reviewer, rollback and template editor flags to any user who meets the criteria explained above and can be trusted not to abuse the tool(s). Administrators may either grant these permissions permanently or temporarily. For convenience, a bot will automatically comment with relevant data if the user does not meet configurable qualifications. Even if the bot does not comment, administrators should review the user's contributions and logs to ensure the tools will be used appropriately and check for any indication of potential misuse. Once an administrator has granted a permission or decided to deny a request, they should add {{done}} or {{not done}} respectively under the request with their comments. If a user already has the requested permission, or is autoconfirmed and requesting confirmed, {{already done}} should be used. N hours after the last comment was made (as specified by the config), the request will be archived automatically: approved requests will be placed here; declined requests will go here. See User:MusikBot/PermClerk#Archiving for more information on archiving functionality. Current requests Account creator Sorry, please be aware that unregistered users cannot be granted permissions due to technical restrictions. Please create an account in order to request user account permissions. (add request • view requests) Autopatrolled Sorry, please be aware that unregistered users cannot be granted permissions due to technical restrictions. Please create an account in order to request user account permissions. (add request • view requests) User:VersaceSpace VersaceSpace (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I've created 26 articles (see my user page), I have one good article as well as a DYK. to address Ashwarya, sources were admittedly scant but I believe it was enough for inclusion versacespaceleave a message! 23:08, 16 June 2021 (UTC) Automated comment This user has created roughly 14 articles. — MusikBot talk 03:00, 18 June 2021 (UTC) * note: a large portion of my articles are expansions of redirects versacespaceleave a message! 23:59, 16 June 2021 (UTC) I'd be interested in your thoughts on Ashwarya. Created by you on 4 June and tagged with notability on 6 June, and later on with Template:Sources exist. What are your intentions? Do you have any? Schwede66 21:28, 22 June 2021 (UTC) Hello Schwede66, my sole intention was to write about an artist I was interested in. I believe that the topic is notable. versacespaceleave a message! 21:33, 22 June 2021 (UTC) Autopatrolled is for editors who produce "clean" articles that don't need patrolling. By definition, that means that those articles should not have maintenance templates placed. So if there are templates, that's a problem. Therefore my question ??? do you have any intentions about improving the article so that the maintenance template can go? Schwede66 21:42, 22 June 2021 (UTC) Yes, I do, along with the intention to regularly check all of my articles and do the same to them. And another issue like the one at Ashwarya won't happen again. versacespaceleave a message! 22:08, 22 June 2021 (UTC) Thanks. I've temporarily watchlisted Ashwarya and will keep an eye on progress. Schwede66 23:26, 22 June 2021 (UTC) User:Link20XX Link20XX (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I have created over 25 articles when you include articles that I created by removing a redirect. None of my articles have been tagged with anything thus far. Due to that, I want autopatrolled to help decrease backlog for NPP reviewers by getting the user right. Link20XX (talk) 13:42, 25 June 2021 (UTC) User:PhotographyEdits PhotographyEdits (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I have made around 1500 edits and created around 50 articles in the last few months, of which one was promoted to a WP:GA with a DYK (and I am working on various others), so I think I'm reasonable familiar with the policies and guidelines of Wikipedia. The Grsecurity article I made was incorrectly speedily deleted in my opinion, but I never took the effort of starting a deletion review which was recommended by the deleting admin (I added sources to meet WP:GNG for which it was deleted, but it wasn't too different from the original article, so it was speedied). I'm familiar with WP:V, WP:C, WP:N and WP:BLP (I have created 4 biographies). I would like to become an autopatrolling user so I can help the NPP team. PhotographyEdits (talk) 15:18, 22 June 2021 (UTC) User:DaffodilOcean DaffodilOcean (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) A new page patroller (Kj cheetham) suggested that I apply for auto-patroller status now that I have started more than 25 articles. I feel I have a good handle on WP:BLP, WP:VER, and WP:NOTE (especially WP:PROF), and that I have been able to apply these guidelines as I develop new pages. I feel like I can produce new pages that do not need manual review by NPP, and thus help reduce the burden on NPP. DaffodilOcean (talk) 18:31, 26 June 2021 (UTC) I'm not an admin, but I've seen some of DaffodilOcean's work and I'd support this. -Kj cheetham (talk) 09:38, 27 June 2021 (UTC) Done Chetsford (talk) 06:54, 11 July 2021 (UTC) User:Heba Aisha Heba Aisha (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) Contributed to encyclopedia immensely for last one year in the most controversial topic area i.e caste and indian politics. I have created required number of articles, necessary to get this right. Last time, this right was requested for me by a fellow editor, but since i was new, i was not granted this right, though reviewing admin was impressed by my edit history. On Wikipedia, several administrators have recognised my work, some of them are Bishonen and RegentsPark. Hence, I deem myself fit for this right. Heba Aisha (talk) 00:51, 30 June 2021 (UTC) Heba Aisha (talk) 00:51, 30 June 2021 (UTC) I would like to add, only few pages are in stub version and others have no cleanup tags and were cleared by reviewier immediately. It shows that i had not violated any policy, specifically regarding WP:BLP, WP:NPOV and WP:RS. I am also aware about various other policies of wiki and follow them to write my articles, which makes me believe that, there is no need for a new page reviewer to review my pages. Heba Aisha (talk) 10:54, 1 July 2021 (UTC) Beeblebrox, please see this request. Heba Aisha (talk) 23:49, 4 July 2021 (UTC) User:Assyrtiko Assyrtiko (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I have created 70 articles so far. They are not very impressive but they are clean. I have enough experience regarding Wikipedia policies. I would therefore ask you to assess my eligibility. Regards. Assyrtiko (talk) 10:42, 1 July 2021 (UTC) Automated comment This user has had this permission revoked in the past 180 days ([1]). — MusikBot talk 10:50, 1 July 2021 (UTC) Comment: You meet the minimum requirements and, having created a decent volume of articles, I'm of the opinion it would assist the NPP to extend autoconfirmed to you. Given the number of articles you've created, it's not possible for me to go through each of them, however, from viewing a sample, your WP:BLPs all appear to be reliably cited and use a NPOV and I've found no evidence of copyvio. I think this situation is significantly different than it was at the time this request was last made. However, out of a preponderance of caution I'm pinging Swarm, Schwede66, and Joe Roe to action this request since they were involved in the previous discussion [2]. Chetsford (talk) 06:52, 11 July 2021 (UTC) I've had a look at 15 of this user's pages: the latest 10 and those 5 created immediately after the previous request. There is a bit more substance to the average page now and out of the 15 pages, just one (one of the older ones) needed a maintenance tag (for a bare URL). It's at my lower quality threshold but I'd happily pass it. Schwede66 08:10, 11 July 2021 (UTC) I was happy to grant it last time and remain so. –?Joe (talk) 11:26, 11 July 2021 (UTC) User:Kncny11 Kncny11 (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) Howdy! I'm applying for this permission because I have created 27 new articles (one of which was created from a redirect), and because I have a need for the tools. Multiple articles that I've created have been of hockey players on the day of their NHL debut (like Jackson Cates or Wade Allison (ice hockey)), which would be at a time that people would be Googling for them. On top of that, one of my most recent articles, Eric Petersen, is on a subject who was a recent Emmy nomination and is a co-lead on a popular new television show. Most of the time, I have had no trouble with having pages reviewed in a timely manner, but it took two weeks for Allison to be reviewed, and Petersen has gone one week without being checked. In terms of trustworthiness, 9 of these 25 articles have been BLPs, and two (Ulysses S. Grant Monument and 2021 pitch doctoring controversy) have been the subjects of recent controversy. I also have 22 good articles, of which 15 are BLPs and 2 are recently deceased persons. Finally, I check all of my articles for GNG or SNG before writing them. Kncny11 (shoot) 20:31, 1 July 2021 (UTC) There are no tools that come with autopatrolled. What is it that you are expecting? Schwede66 21:20, 1 July 2021 (UTC) The "tool" in question that I was referring to was to have my new articles marked as reviewed, which takes the burden off of reviewers and allows pages I create to be immediately visible from search engines. This is especially valuable, as I said, in the context of article topics that would be reasonably popular Google searches, such as an athlete on the day of, or shortly after, their professional debut. Kncny11 (shoot) 22:24, 1 July 2021 (UTC) User:MoviesandTelevisionFan MoviesandTelevisionFan (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I have created over 80 articles in total. Only one of my articles is tagged with the BLP sources tag and some as stubs. I am familiar with the policies, since I've started expanding and fixing some of my articles and deleting some by me as doing [db-g7] that doesn't meet Wikipedia's guideline. I wasn't familiar with the policies from the beginning, but I am now. MoviesandTelevisionFan (talk) 20:26, 11 July 2021 (UTC) AutoWikiBrowser Sorry, please be aware that unregistered users cannot be granted permissions due to technical restrictions. Please create an account in order to request user account permissions. (add request • view requests) User:PK2 PK2 (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I'd like to use AutoWikiBrowser to bypass certain redirects, fix and change certain incorrect links to the correct ones, fix some typos and style and layout errors and to add certain templates to certain articles. PK2 (talk) 23:41, 28 May 2021 (UTC) PK2, just to double-check, you do know that changing redirects for the sake of bypassing them is actually contrary to the acceptable uses for this tool? Primefac (talk) 22:57, 8 June 2021 (UTC) (please do not ping on reply) No I don't, but I promise I'll only bypass them when necessary, like spelling errors or on navigational templates. Why? -- PK2 (talk) 00:08, 12 June 2021 (UTC) Primefac Did you forget this request? I can handle it but I don't want to step on your toes if you intended to do so. --Trialpears (talk) 12:24, 25 June 2021 (UTC) Didn't forget, just don't have time. Primefac (talk) 21:54, 25 June 2021 (UTC) Done. Primefac (talk) 14:36, 11 July 2021 (UTC) User:Yahya Yahya (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) To do repetitive clean up tasks and to fix MOS errors on Bangladesh category. ~Yahya (???) ??? 07:59, 9 June 2021 (UTC) I withdraw my nomination Since no one respond. ~Yahya (???) ??? 16:46, 10 July 2021 (UTC) Done. Primefac (talk) 14:36, 11 July 2021 (UTC) User:Extraordinary Writ Extraordinary Writ (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) In addition to the usual gnoming, I'm interested in using AWB to add short descriptions from a list. I have plenty of experience adding them individually with the Shortdesc gadget, but I believe I could do it more quickly with AWB without compromising quality. Caution is my watchword with these sorts of tools, so I'll always make sure each edit passes muster on its own. Cheers! Extraordinary Writ (talk) 22:19, 25 June 2021 (UTC) Done. Primefac (talk) 14:36, 11 July 2021 (UTC) User:Peterjamesb Peterjamesb (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) Working on filling in missing information in ukplace infobox for places in Wales, creating ukplace infobox for places in Wales where none currently exists, fixing pages in infobox error categories, carrying out repetitive clean up tasks. Peterjamesb (talk) 20:21, 27 June 2021 (UTC) Automated comment This user has approximately 411 non-automated edits in the mainspace. — MusikBot talk 14:00, 1 July 2021 (UTC) Done. Primefac (talk) 14:36, 11 July 2021 (UTC) User:Alexiscoutinho Alexiscoutinho (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) As the current maintainer of Template:Medical cases chart, it would be extremely helpful to use AWB for fixing/converting the parameters of the hundreds of other templates (all COVID-19 related for now, I think) that call it (more specifically the module). Uses would include renaming and erasing deprecated parameters. Alexiscoutinho (talk) 20:23, 28 June 2021 (UTC) Automated comment This user has approximately 59 non-automated edits in the mainspace. — MusikBot talk 20:30, 28 June 2021 (UTC) Done. Primefac (talk) 14:36, 11 July 2021 (UTC) User:Chidananda Kampa Chidananda Kampa (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) Error correction and making quality article Chidananda Kampa (talk) 01:54, 6 July 2021 (UTC) Done. Primefac (talk) 14:36, 11 July 2021 (UTC) User:BHARATHESHA ALASANDEMAJALU BHARATHESHA ALASANDEMAJALU (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I'd like to use AutoWikiBrowser to correct, fix and change certain incorrect letter, spelling in Tulu Wikipedia(tcy.wikipedia.org) Fix some typos and style and layout errors and to add certain templates to certain articles. BHARATHESHA ALASANDEMAJALU (talk) 02:12, 6 July 2021 (UTC) Not done, as this page is only for AWB access for the English Wikipedia. Primefac (talk) 14:33, 11 July 2021 (UTC) User:Ebbedlila Ebbedlila (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I would like to work on typos Ebbedlila (talk) 16:05, 6 July 2021 (UTC) Automated comment This user has approximately 413 non-automated edits in the mainspace. — MusikBot talk 14:10, 10 July 2021 (UTC) Done. Primefac (talk) 14:36, 11 July 2021 (UTC) User:Sreejithk2000 AWB Sreejithk2000 AWB (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) Requesting AWB rights for my alternate user account User:Sreejithk2000 AWB. Currently, I am looping through the Category:All free media and looking for images that can be moved to commons and appending the template {{Copy to Wikimedia Commons}} to the end of it. But the category is so huge with over 200K images and AWB will only load the 25K files. I would like to use Wikipedia:AutoWikiBrowser/NoLimits plugin to overcome this limit, but to use it I need either "apihighlimits" access or bot access. I am an admin at Wikimedia Commons and Malayalam Wikipedia, so I am quite aware of copyright tags. -- Sreejith K (talk) 18:05, 7 July 2021 (UTC) Automated comment This user has approximately 0 non-automated edits in the mainspace. — MusikBot talk 18:50, 7 July 2021 (UTC) Done. Primefac (talk) 14:36, 11 July 2021 (UTC) User:Vukky Vukky (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I'd like to have AWB to fix typos and such. Vukky???? (talk ??? not a bot) 23:15, 8 July 2021 (UTC) Automated comment This user has approximately 161 non-automated edits in the mainspace. — MusikBot talk 00:00, 11 July 2021 (UTC) Done. Primefac (talk) 14:36, 11 July 2021 (UTC) User:MarioGom MarioGom (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) Doing some grunt work on maintenance Women in Red redlists (you may check my contribs for page creations and edits in this area), possibly on WikiProject on open proxies too (pending consensus), and probably other requested tasks once I'm familiar with it. I'm primarily interested in regexp search and replace and I plan to use JWB, unless I see any technical limitation that forces me into AWB. MarioGom (talk) 17:06, 10 July 2021 (UTC) Done. Primefac (talk) 14:36, 11 July 2021 (UTC) Confirmed Sorry, please be aware that unregistered users cannot be granted permissions due to technical restrictions. Please create an account in order to request user account permissions. (add request • view requests) Event coordinator Sorry, please be aware that unregistered users cannot be granted permissions due to technical restrictions. Please create an account in order to request user account permissions. (add request • view requests) Extended confirmed Sorry, please be aware that unregistered users cannot be granted permissions due to technical restrictions. Please create an account in order to request user account permissions. (add request • view requests) File mover Sorry, please be aware that unregistered users cannot be granted permissions due to technical restrictions. Please create an account in order to request user account permissions. (add request • view requests) User:Herostratus Herostratus (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) Went to fix a file name and boy howdy it won't let me. Former admin with 16 years service. Herostratus (talk) 08:16, 1 July 2021 (UTC) Herostratus, and I just declined it because removing the space before the extension from File:Metroid Fusion X-Boss .png seems like an example of a slightly better name. The suggested new title of literally "New title" wasn't very helpful and I'm also very much confused about the signature for User:Dudhhr you inserted along with the request. Rename requests shouldn't be signed at all, but you actually signed with a different username which is remarkable. Is this an alternate account? Either way, it makes me question if maybe too much (like policy and technical things) have changed since you were admin? ??? Alexis Jazz (talk or ping me) 09:52, 1 July 2021 (UTC) Hi User talk:Alexis Jazz. Yeah I haven't been an admin for a long while, but I'm an active editor and I guess I'm pretty much as up to speed on policy and technical things as the next guy. So anyway User:Dudhhr wanted the file moved, but requested it in the wrong place (Requested Moves), so I went to move it myself, and since I couldn't do that I put in {{rename media}}. Not actually familiar with the template so I first put it on the talk page (as Requested Moves are done), but right, files don't work like that so I moved it to the main file page, and then I forgot to edit in the requested file name. Oops. I stuck in User:Dudhhr's name because they were the person who wanted the file moved. I'm sorry if that wasn't very helpful, and my apologies, but you were apparently able to figure out what was requested from the "reason" field, so no harm no foul I guess. YMMD. OK if you don't want to move the file I guess. It's unusual to have a space at the end of a file name, and I guess User:Dudhhr thought it was sloppy looking, which seems reasonable, but whatever. So anyway, if I had file move ability I would have just moved the file and we could have spent less time on the matter. Soooo... since we're here, want to give me the file mover permission anyway? I mean, sorry about being a bit sloppy, there, my bad. I'm an active editor, I think I'm pretty up to speed on how things work here generally. I am familiar with "Good image names", as my file upload history shows. I was only vaguely familiar with the rest of the details Wikipedia:File names (there are a lot of rules here, and FWIW that's not a policy to get technical), but I read it (it's short) and I got it now. OK then? Or, further questions? Herostratus (talk) 11:12, 1 July 2021 (UTC) Herostratus, I can't grant you any permissions, I'm not an admin. Another file mover may or may not have granted that request under WP:FNC#5 and if the file had been uploaded last week I possibly would have granted it myself. But it's a file from 2005. The additional signature meant I had to remove the template from the page manually as otherwise the signature would be left behind. I am concerned about the sloppiness of the request. If you had been able to move it, would you have replaced existing usage? I'm also getting a vibe that you feel entitled to this, or am I reading into that wrong? ??? Alexis Jazz (talk or ping me) 11:56, 1 July 2021 (UTC) No, User:Alexis Jazz, I guess you're reading into that pretty much correctly. Yes I was sloppy, right, sorry. I'm usually pretty good. But wait you can't grant permissions? I thought that that this is what this page is for...? Now I'm the one confused. I wasn't here about this particular file or that particular file exactly, I just came so if and when this comes across my radar again I can just handle it myself. I mean it probably won't very much, but still. Herostratus (talk) 22:09, 1 July 2021 (UTC) Herostratus, admins are users with extra buttons. Don't need buttons to comment on a request. I even closed a discussion on WP:ANI once! I'd suggest when you come across this again you simply use {{Rename media}} (hint: Twinkle can add that tag so you don't have to remember the parameters) and after a few such requests have been accepted ask for the right again. ??? Alexis Jazz (talk or ping me) 22:26, 1 July 2021 (UTC) Mnmh I suppose, User:Alexis Jazz. Alright, It's not worth worrying about anymore I suppose, whatever. Herostratus (talk) 22:53, 1 July 2021 (UTC) User:Berrely Berrely (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I frequently upload non-free files and sometimes newspaper covers. Often these files have dates in the title or ambiguous names. Instead of having to upload a separate file or wait a few days for a filemover to the file, I would prefer to be able to quickly move the file to the correct name. If I was granted this right, I also want to get involved in helping at Category:Wikipedia files requiring renaming. ??? Berrely ??? Talk???Contribs 08:48, 1 July 2021 (UTC) @Berrely: Am I reading this correct that the primary use case you are trying to improve is that you are uploading files with poor file names? Why not avoid this and stop doing that? ??? xaosflux Talk 10:34, 1 July 2021 (UTC) Apologies, I meant I often overwrite such files. It would be quite pointless for me to deliberately upload a poorly named file. ??? Berrely ??? Talk???Contribs 10:47, 1 July 2021 (UTC) Berrely, fyi, if you add {{Rename media}} to a file page it is usually processed in well under a day so you don't have to wait "a few days". It has been far worse in the past I admit. ??? Alexis Jazz (talk or ping me) 10:43, 1 July 2021 (UTC) Mass message sender Sorry, please be aware that unregistered users cannot be granted permissions due to technical restrictions. Please create an account in order to request user account permissions. (add request • view requests) New page reviewer Sorry, please be aware that unregistered users cannot be granted permissions due to technical restrictions. Please create an account in order to request user account permissions. (add request • view requests) User:MPGuy2824 MPGuy2824 (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) Hi, My trial run with the NPR right just got over. I liked doing the page curation. Please review my logs and renew this right for me, if it is deemed appropriate. If not, I'd appreciate feedback. MPGuy2824 (talk) 04:19, 29 June 2021 (UTC) Renewed for an additional month: I agree with pretty much all of the patrolling decisions that I reviewed from your log, but I'm a bit concerned by the seeming lack of participation in deletion tagging thus far. I'd like to see evidence that you can properly identify articles that should be tagged for PROD or AfD before handing over the permissions indefinitely. signed, Rosguill talk 21:03, 1 July 2021 (UTC) Automated comment This user was granted temporary new page reviewer rights by Rosguill (expires 00:00, 1 August 2021 (UTC)). — MusikBot talk 21:10, 1 July 2021 (UTC) Done signed, Rosguill talk 22:10, 1 July 2021 (UTC) User:Alecpalm Alecpalm (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) Would love to continue my passion for Wki editing and help keep this site clean. Alecpalm (talk) 19:50, 7 July 2021 (UTC) Alecpalm (talk) 19:50, 7 July 2021 (UTC) Automated comment This user has had an account for 7 days and has 26 edits in the mainspace. — MusikBot talk 00:00, 10 July 2021 (UTC) Not done Please review the minimum requirements for receiving this permission. Chetsford (talk) 03:36, 10 July 2021 (UTC) User:Urve Urve (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I am interested in helping some deal with some of the backlog of NPP. I am mostly focused on content creation now, but taking steps in these more managerial tasks would be welcome. Urve (talk) 05:21, 11 July 2021 (UTC) Page mover Sorry, please be aware that unregistered users cannot be granted permissions due to technical restrictions. Please create an account in order to request user account permissions. (add request • view requests) User:Ng.j Ng.j (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) Experienced editor working on several projects. Anticipate some page moves after consensus reached. Ng.j (talk) 17:57, 14 June 2021 (UTC) Would like to expedite approval in order to move some pages with ordinals over redirects, per MOS:ORDINAL. ??? Preceding unsigned comment added by Ng.j (talk ??? contribs) 17:26, 16 June 2021 (UTC) Done for two months; not seeing a huge need but this will give a better indication. Primefac (talk) 15:14, 11 July 2021 (UTC) User:Fade258 Fade258 (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I am try to fix page naming problems when I find them. Since, I've joined to Wikipedia I moved 12 pages and participated in several requested moves.I understand and familier regarding the policies of Moving a Page apart from this I am experienced in editing articles. I believe that I fulfill all the criteria for this rights.(Fade258 (talk) 11:52, 17 June 2021 (UTC)) Done for two months; not seeing a huge need but this will give a better indication. Primefac (talk) 15:14, 11 July 2021 (UTC) User:SSSB SSSB (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I mainly intended to use this right to move pages over redirects (for which I currently use WP:RMTR). This is mostly rvt undiscussed moves and moving draft Formula One articles in the mainspace (just before the event when there is an abundance of suitable sources). I don't usually engage in move disucssions unless they relate to my editing areas of interest, but I always refer to policy in those discussions. My recent move history shows understanding of the policies involved in page moving.(I am not watching this page, so please ping me if you want my attention.) SSSB (talk) 08:55, 18 June 2021 (UTC) Automated comment An extraneous header or other inappropriate text was removed from this request — MusikBot talk 09:00, 18 June 2021 (UTC) Done for two months; not seeing a huge need but this will give a better indication. Primefac (talk) 15:15, 11 July 2021 (UTC) User:UW Dawgs UW Dawgs (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I am working on non-controversial scope to bring a category topic (and its subcategories) into eponymous conformity with the associated article title, where move-categorypages in particular seems to be helpful. UW Dawgs (talk) 05:24, 2 July 2021 (UTC) Done for two months; not seeing a huge need but this will give a better indication. Primefac (talk) 15:15, 11 July 2021 (UTC) Pending changes reviewer Sorry, please be aware that unregistered users cannot be granted permissions due to technical restrictions. Please create an account in order to request user account permissions. (add request • view requests) User:Pinakpani Pinakpani (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I have created over 1400 articles and have experiences of reverting vandalism (through manually/automated edit). I am well acquainted with the Wikipedia policy regarding vandalism. I would love to have the pending changes reviewer permission for more active contribution to protect vandalism. Pinakpani (talk) 15:50, 3 July 2021 (UTC) Automated comment This user has had 1 request for pending changes reviewer declined in the past 90 days ([3]). — MusikBot talk 15:50, 3 July 2021 (UTC) User:Princepratap1234 Princepratap1234 (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I have approximately 2000 edits and I also have rollback right. I am familiar with WP:BLP , WP:NPOV. I have read all guidelines of rewiewing and I know what vandalism is. I also try to remove vandalism ???from Wikipedia as I want Wikipedia to be free of vandalism and only with sourced content. I would like to have this right so I can do better against vandalism. Princepratap1234 (talk) 07:41, 4 July 2021 (UTC) User:0qd 0qd (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I'd like to request this right to aid in countering vandalism as well as to help lower the reviews backlog in my free time. I currently have rollback as well & have read the guidelines for how to properly review changes. Thank you. 0qd (talk) 16:39, 4 July 2021 (UTC) User:Akrasia25 Akrasia25 (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I have created over 145 articles, 15000 edits, and active since 2018. Three good articles to my credit and one DYK. I am finishing my master in biology and so would like to help in editing more biology and medicine articles. I have experience reverting vandalism. I am acquainted with the Wikipedia policy regarding vandalism. I would like to follow pending reviews to review changes during my free time.--Akrasia25 (talk) 12:02, 5 July 2021 (UTC) Akrasia25 (talk) 12:02, 5 July 2021 (UTC) Done Chetsford (talk) 03:34, 10 July 2021 (UTC) User:Iamfarzan Iamfarzan (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I have been here for the last one year. I have created 26 number of articles, have good understanding about vandalism and guidelines. I hope I meet all criteria for this right. Iamfarzan (talk) 05:40, 7 July 2021 (UTC) Rollback Sorry, please be aware that unregistered users cannot be granted permissions due to technical restrictions. Please create an account in order to request user account permissions. (add request • view requests) User:Fade258 Fade258 (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) Since I have got the rights of pending changes reviewer. I use rollback option when i reverting vandalism and possible vandalism as well.I think I do well about the use of rollback and pending changes reviewer.So, for more I am requesting for this rights because I am familiar with the guidelines and policies regarding Rollback and wikipedia guidelines as well.I hope for positive response. Thank you !(Fade258 (talk) 06:37, 30 June 2021 (UTC)) User:Fire star on heat Fire star on heat (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) This is Fire star on heat. I have been in Wikipedia since 2020. It had been more than 1 year and I'm fighting against disruptive editing and vandalism. Roll back makes my work easier. Hence I'm requesting admins to grant me and promote me to Roll backer. Fire star on heat (talk) 13:28, 2 July 2021 (UTC) User:Ratnahastin Ratnahastin (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I have made 1,111 mainspace edits and good track record of reverting Vandalism using a combination of twinkle and Lupin's anti vandal tool see here for more but since im on mobile i need to switch to desktop mode everytime i wish to revert vandalism which is tedious it would be helpful if i can get rollback rights.Ratnahastin(t.c) 17:10, 4 July 2021 (UTC) Ratnahastin(t.c) 17:10, 4 July 2021 (UTC) User:Ken Tony Ken Tony (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I've been editing Wikipedia for 9 months. I use Twinkle and RedWarn at present to deal with vandalism. I've been studying in CVUA under a trainer and is studying more about vandalism and other things related to controlling vandalism. I'm also a pending changes reviewer and recent changes patroller, and I across different types vandal activities every single day. I think I pass every requirements to acquire this right. Thank you. Ken Tony Shall we discuss? 17:17, 4 July 2021 (UTC) Automated comment This user has had 1 request for rollback declined in the past 90 days ([4]). — MusikBot talk 17:20, 4 July 2021 (UTC) User:Ivanbetanco43 Ivanbetanco43 (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) Hello, I request the permission of the reverser to combat vandalism that exists today in Wikipedia, I will use the permission very well since I have it on my user page of Wikipedia in Spanish and on Wikidata. To reverse false information among other things. Ivanbetanco43 (talk) 05:39, 6 July 2021 (UTC) Automated comment This user has 195 edits in the mainspace. — MusikBot talk 08:40, 9 July 2021 (UTC) User:Littlecat456 Littlecat456 (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I have been here on wikipedia for a while and have a good history of fighting vandalism. I promise to not misuse these permissions and revert good-faith edits or engage in edit wars. I have read WP:RBK in it???s entirety, and fully understand what it documents. I understand the risks of the permission, and am looking into a script to fix the risk of accidental rollbacking. Thank you for reading my request. Littlecat456????(.log) 13:41, 7 July 2021 (UTC) Automated comment This user has 128 edits in the mainspace. — MusikBot talk 13:50, 7 July 2021 (UTC) User:JayzBox JayzBox (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) Greetings. I would like to start off by mentioning last time I requested for Rollbacker rights, I was recommended by an admin to review WP:CVUA. During these two months, I can't say I've extensively been pretty active on the fight against vandalism - which also includes leaving warnings (about 2) and welcoming messages (about 5), but I've reverted the ones I stumble across. I don't mind at all undoing edits manually, but it would be easier to have the rollbacker tool, especially if I have to revert more than one edit. Thanks for taking the time to review my request! JayzBox (talk) 00:46, 8 July 2021 (UTC) Automated comment This user has had 1 request for rollback declined in the past 90 days ([5]). — MusikBot talk 00:50, 8 July 2021 (UTC) User:Zudo Zudo (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) I've been using Twinkle for a while to revert vandalism, and I've recently taken to patrolling Recent Changes, using RedWarn to revert/warn users, in a manner that I believe to be reasonable and effective. I'm also interested in learning to use rollback-specific tools such as Huggle. Zudo (talk) 14:31, 8 July 2021 (UTC) User:Ts12rAc Ts12rAc (t · c · del · cross-wiki · SUL · edit counter · pages created (xtools ??? sigma) · non-automated edits · BLP edits · undos · rollbacks · reviews · logs (blocks ??? rights ??? moves) · rfar · spi) (assign permissions)(acc · ap · fm · mms · npr · pm · pcr · rb · te) Hi, I'm using SWViewer to patroll recent changes. I have rollback right on hiwiki since May 2021 without any problems.So I request the rollback to faster delete vandalism, and to easier delete vandalism that are in more then one edit. Thanks Ts12rActalk to me 13:02, 11 July 2021 (UTC) Template editor Sorry, please be aware that unregistered users cannot be granted permissions due to technical restrictions. Please create an account in order to request user account permissions. (add request • view requests) v t e Requests for permissions Common Autopatrolled AutoWikiBrowser File mover New page reviewer Page mover Pending changes reviewer Rollback Uncommon Account creator Confirmed Event coordinator Extended confirmed Mass message sender Template editor Logs Archived requests Approved requests Denied requests System rights log Special Administrator Bureaucrat Bot Edit filter helper Edit filter manager Interface administrator v t e Wikipedia accounts and governance Unregistered (IP) users Why create an account? Create an account Request an account IPs are human too IP addresses are not people IP hopper Registered users New account Logging in Reset passwords Username policy Changing username Usernames for administrator attention Unified login or SUL Alternate account Account security Password strength requirements User account security Personal security practices Two-factor authentication 2FA for AWB Committed identity On privacy, confidentiality and discretion Compromised accounts Blocks, bans, sanctions, global actions Blocking policy FAQ Admins guide Tools Autoblock Appealing a block Guide to appealing blocks UTRS Unblock Ticket Request System Blocking IP addresses Range blocks IPv6 Open proxies Banning policy ArbCom appeals Sanctions Personal sanctions General sanctions Discretionary sanctions and Log Essay Long-term abuse Standard offer Global actions Related to accounts Sockpuppetry Single-purpose account Sleeper account Vandalism-only account Wikibreak Enforcer Retiring Courtesy vanishing Clean start Quiet return User groups and global user groups Requests for permissions Admin instructions Admin guide Account creator PERM (Auto) confirmed PERM Autopatrolled PERM AutoWikiBrowser PERM Bot Request Edit filter helper Request Event coordinator PERM Extended confirmed PERM File mover PERM IP block exempt Request Mass message sender PERM New page reviewer PERM Page mover PERM Pending changes reviewer PERM Rollback PERM Template editor PERM Global rights policy OTRS Volunteer Response Team Advanced user groups Administrator RfA Bureaucrat RfB CheckUser and Oversight Request Edit filter manager Request Interface administrator Request Founder Importer Researcher Committees and related Arbitration Committee Bot approvals group Functionaries Clerks SPI clerks ArbCom clerks Governance Administration FAQ Formal organization Editorial oversight and control Quality control Wikimedia Foundation Board Founder's seat Meta-Wiki Proposals WikiProjects Elections Policies and guidelines Petitions Noticeboards Consensus Dispute resolution Reforms Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Requests_for_permissions&oldid=1011149008" Hidden categories: Project pages with short description Wikipedia extended-confirmed-protected pages Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons MediaWiki Meta-Wiki Wikibooks Wikidata Wikimania Languages Acèh ??????? ???? ????????? Asturianu Az??rbaycanca ?????? Bân-lâm-gú ?????????????? ??????????????? ??????????? Español ??????? ??????? ???????? Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Italiano ?????? Ligure ???????? ??????? ?????? Bahasa Melayu ???????? ???????? ??????? ?????????? Scots Shqip ????????? Simple English Sloven??ina Soomaaliga ??????? Srpskohrvatski / ????????????????????? ??????????/tatarça ????? Türkçe ????? Ti?ng Vi??t ???? Yorùbá ??? ???? Edit links This page was last edited on 9 March 2021, at 09:03 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement