Wikipedia:User access levels - Wikipedia Wikipedia:User access levels From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search Wikipedia page describing different levels of user permissions "WP:RIGHTS" redirects here. For page to request user rights, see Wikipedia:Requests for permissions and Wikipedia:Requests for adminship. For other uses, see Wikipedia:Rights (disambiguation). Wikipedia information page This is an information page. It is not one of Wikipedia's policies or guidelines, but rather intends to describe some aspect(s) of Wikipedia's norms, customs, technicalities, or practices. It may reflect varying levels of consensus and vetting. Shortcuts WP:UAL WP:RIGHTS To find the permissions for your account, go to Special:Preferences. Your permissions are listed in the user profile tab under "Member of groups". User access levels New users Unregistered (not logged in) users New Users Autoconfirmed and confirmed users Extended confirmed users Administrators and bureaucrats Administrators Bureaucrats Other flags giving access to specialized functions Pending changes reviewer Rollback Autopatrolled New page reviewer File mover Page mover Account creator Template editor Ipblock-exempt Edit filter helpers Edit Filter managers Interface administrators Oversight CheckUser Mass message sender Other flagged accounts Bots Founder Researcher Importers and Transwiki Global user groups Staff Stewards Sysadmins Ombuds OTRS-member Global bots Global rollbackers Global sysops Global interface editors For all user permissions see this table. For other global user groups see Wikipedia:Global rights policy and meta:User groups. v t e The user access level of editors affects their abilities to perform specific actions on Wikipedia. The user access level depends on which rights (also called permissions, user groups, bits, or flags) are assigned to accounts. There are two types of access leveling: automatic, and requested. User access levels are determined by whether the Wikipedian is logged in, the account's age and edits, and what manually assigned rights the account has. Anyone can use the basic functionalities of Wikipedia even if they are not logged in. Unless they are blocked, they may freely edit most pages. Being logged in gives users many advantages, such as having their public IP address hidden and the ability to track one's own contributions. Additionally, once user accounts are more than a certain number of days old and have made more than a certain number of edits, they automatically become autoconfirmed or extended confirmed, allowing the direct creation of articles, the ability to move pages, to edit semi-protected and extended-protected pages, and upload files. Further access levels need to be assigned manually by a user with the appropriate authority. An editor with more experience and in good standing can attempt to become an administrator, which provides a large number of advanced permissions. Many other flags for specialized tasks are also available. Contents 1 Overview 2 User groups 2.1 Unregistered (IP or not logged in) users 2.2 Registered (new) users 2.3 Autoconfirmed and confirmed users 2.4 Extended confirmed users 2.5 Administrators and bureaucrats 2.5.1 Administrators 2.5.2 Bureaucrats 2.6 Flags granted to users giving access to specialized functions 2.6.1 Pending changes reviewer 2.6.2 Rollback 2.6.3 Autopatrolled 2.6.4 New page reviewer (patroller) 2.6.5 File mover 2.6.6 Page mover 2.6.7 Account creator 2.6.8 Event coordinator 2.6.9 Template editor 2.6.10 IP block exemption 2.6.11 Edit filter managers 2.6.12 Edit filter helpers 2.6.13 Mass message sender 2.6.14 Interface administrators 2.7 Functionary user levels 2.7.1 CheckUser 2.7.2 Oversight 2.8 Other flagged accounts 2.8.1 Bots 2.8.2 Copyright violation bots 2.8.3 Founder 2.8.4 Researcher 2.8.5 Importers and transwiki importers 3 Blocked users 3.1 Indefinitely blocked users 4 Global rights 4.1 Stewards 4.2 Other global user groups 5 Table 6 User access level changes 7 Former levels 8 See also 9 Notes Overview Further information: Wikipedia:Administration § Human and legal administration All visitors to the site, including unregistered users, are part of the * group, and all logged-in registered users are also part of the user group. Users are automatically promoted into the autoconfirmed/confirmed users pseudo-group of established users when their account is more than four days old and has ten edits, and the extended confirmed user group later on. Other flags are only given upon request; some, such as rollbacker, pending changes reviewer, or bot, are granted unilaterally if the user demonstrates a need for them (see Wikipedia:Requests for permissions and Wikipedia:Bots/Requests for approval). Others, such as sysop and bureaucrat, are given only after community discussion and consensus at Wikipedia:Requests for adminship. Users are made members of such groups as oversight and checkuser only with the approval of the Arbitration Committee, after signing the Wikimedia Foundation's confidentiality agreement for nonpublic information. User groups have one or more rights assigned to them; for example, the ipblock-exempt (IP block exemptions) group have the ' ipblock-exempt' and ' torunblocked' rights. All members of a particular user group will have access to these rights. The individual rights that are assigned to user groups are listed at Special:ListGroupRights. Terms like rights, permissions, bits and flags can refer to both user groups and the individual rights assigned to them. Permissions requested at Requests for permissions only have local rights on the English Wikipedia wiki. Members of global user groups have rights across all Wikimedia Foundation wikis, although that access can sometimes be restricted by local wiki policies. Users registered at Wikimedia wikis also have registered user rights to other Wikimedia wikis if their account is a SUL or unified login account. Both local and global user group membership across Wikimedia wikis can be viewed at Special:CentralAuth. User groups The system-generated technical permissions are listed at Special:ListGroupRights. Unregistered (IP or not logged in) users Shortcut WP:IP "WP:IP" redirects here. For intellectual property, see Wikipedia:Copyrights. Users who are not logged in are identified by their IP address rather than a user name, whether or not they have already registered an account. They may read all Wikipedia pages (except restricted special pages), and edit pages that are not protected (including pending changes protected/move-protected articles). They may create talk pages in any talk namespace but need to ask for help to create pages in some parts of the wiki. They cannot upload files or images. They must answer a CAPTCHA if they wish to make an edit which involves the addition of external links, and click a confirm link to purge pages. All users may also query the site API in 500-record batches. Edit screens of unregistered users are headed by a banner that reads: You are not logged in. Your IP address will be publicly visible if you make any edits. If you log in or create an account, your edits will be attributed to a user name, among other benefits. Registered (new) users Shortcut WP:REGISTERED See also: Wikipedia:Why create an account? Registered users may immediately e-mail other users if they activate an email address in their user preferences. All logged-in users may mark edits as minor. They may purge pages without a confirmation step, but are still required to answer a CAPTCHA when adding external links. Edits that they make to a page that is under pending changes protection will be accepted, but will not be immediately visible to non-logged in users until they have been reviewed and approved. They may save books to their userspace. They may also customize their Wikimedia interface and its options as they wish - either via Special:Preferences, or by adding personal CSS or JavaScript rules to their common.css or common.js files. Autoconfirmed and confirmed users Shortcuts WP:AUTOCONFIRM WP:CONFIRM WP:AUTOC You are not logged in, so you are not autoconfirmedYour account is autoconfirmedis not autoconfirmed. Several actions on the English Wikipedia (such as article creation) are restricted to user accounts that are at least 4 days old and have made at least 10 edits to the encyclopedia. Users who meet these requirements are considered part of the pseudo-group autoconfirmed. The conditions for autoconfirmed status are checked every time a user attempts to perform a restricted action; if they are met, permission is granted automatically by the MediaWiki software. Although the precise requirements for autoconfirmed status vary according to circumstances, most English Wikipedia user accounts that are more than four days old and have made at least 10 edits (including deleted edits) are considered autoconfirmed. However, users with the IP block exemption flag and who are editing through the Tor network are subjected to much stricter autoconfirmed thresholds: 90 days and 100 edits.[1] Autoconfirmed or confirmed users can create articles (except for create-protected pages), move pages (except for move-protected pages), edit semi-protected pages, and upload files (including new versions of existing files, except for upload-protected files). Edits that they make to a page that is under pending changes protection will be accepted and immediately visible to non-logged in users without requiring review or approval. Autoconfirmed users are no longer required to enter a CAPTCHA for most edits, including, but not limited to, adding external links. Autoconfirmed users may email users that have their allow emails from brand-new users checkbox off. In addition, the Edit filter has a number of warning settings that will no longer affect editors who are autoconfirmed. In some situations, it is necessary for accounts to skip the customary confirmation period and to be confirmed right away. The confirmed group contains the exact same rights as the autoconfirmed pseudo-group, but can be granted by administrators and event coordinators[2] as necessary. It is redundant to grant the confirmed right to an account that is already autoconfirmed since it provides the exact same abilities. To request this permission, see Wikipedia:Requests for permissions/Confirmed. See Special:ListUsers/confirmed for a list of the 456 confirmed users. As of February 2019[update], there were approximately 1.7 million autoconfirmed users on the English Wikipedia, of which the vast majority were inactive. See Special:ActiveUsers for a list of recently active users. Before 16 November 2016, confirmed and autoconfirmed users could also mark new pages as patrolled. This has been changed and now requires the new page reviewer right to do so. Extended confirmed users "WP:EXTENDEDCONFIRMED" redirects here. For extended confirmed protection, see Wikipedia:Protection policy § Extended confirmed protection. Shortcuts WP:XC WP:XCON You are not logged in, so you are not extended confirmedYour account is extended confirmedis not extended confirmed. A registered editor becomes extendedconfirmed automatically when the account is both at least 30 days old and has made at least 500 edits (including deleted edits).[3] This user access right allows editors to edit and create pages that are under extended confirmed protection. On English Wikipedia, it also enables editors to use the Content Translation tool. This access is included and bundled in the bot and sysop (administrator) user groups. This group was primarily created to deal with specific arbitration remedies and community issues; the Arbitration Committee has since left community-use decisions up to the community.[4] See Special:ListUsers/extendedconfirmed for a list of the 56,920 extended confirmed users. Administrators and bureaucrats Administrators and bureaucrats are requested from pages other than Wikipedia:Requests for permissions. Administrators See also: Wikipedia:Administrators Administrators, also commonly referred to as "admins" or sometimes "sysops" (system operators), are editors who are granted the rights by the community following a Request for Adminship (RfA). The RfA process involves in-depth and considerable discussion and examination of the candidate's activity and contributions as an editor and are granted the rights by community consensus. Administrators have exclusive access to a number of tools to allow them to carry out certain functions on the wiki. The tools cover processes such as page deletion, page protection, blocking and unblocking users, and the ability to edit fully protected pages. Administrators also have the ability to grant and remove most access rights to other users (account creator, autopatrolled, confirmed, file mover, edit filter helper, edit filter manager, event coordinator, extended confirmed, IP block exempt, mass message sender, new page reviewer, page mover, pending changes reviewer, rollback, template editor, and AutoWikiBrowser) and to their own alternate accounts. By convention, administrators also normally take responsibility for judging the outcome of certain discussions requiring these technical controls (such as deletions). Administrators are not granted more editorial control over article content than other editors. They are required to follow all policies and guidelines and are held to the same level of accountability as non-administrators. They are not employees of the Wikimedia Foundation and should not be confused with Wikimedia system administrators ("sysadmins"). See Special:ListUsers/sysop for a full list of the 1,090 English Wikipedia administrators. Bureaucrats Shortcuts WP:Bureaucrat rights Help:Bureaucrat rights See also: Wikipedia:Bureaucrats Bureaucrats are exceptionally trusted editors who have the capability to perform certain actions on other users' accounts. These capabilities are granted by the community following a successful Requests for Bureaucratship (RfB). Bureaucrats have access to Special:UserRights, enabling them to add users to the bureaucrat group (but not remove them),[5] and add users to and remove users from the administrator,[6] bot, and interface administrator user groups. See Special:ListUsers/bureaucrat for a list of the 19 bureaucrats. Flags granted to users giving access to specialized functions Unless otherwise noted, see Wikipedia:Requests for permissions to request the following rights. Some of these rights are automatically assigned to administrators. Pending changes reviewer See also: Wikipedia:Reviewing pending changes Members of this group can review other users' edits to articles placed under pending changes protection. This right is automatically assigned to administrators. Prior to September 2014, this right was known as reviewer. See Special:ListUsers/reviewer for a list of the 7637 reviewers. Rollback See also: Wikipedia:Rollback Users who are given the rollback flag ( rollbacker user group) may revert consecutive revisions of an editor using the rollback feature. This right is automatically assigned to administrators. See Special:ListUsers/rollbacker for a list of the 6503 rollbackers. Autopatrolled See also: Wikipedia:Autopatrolled Members of this group have autopatrol, which allows them to have their pages automatically patrolled on the New Pages list. This right is automatically assigned to administrators. Prior to June 2010, this right was known as autoreviewer. See Special:ListUsers/autoreviewer for a list of the 4167 autopatrolled users. New page reviewer (patroller) See also: Wikipedia:New pages patrol/Reviewers Members of this group have patrol, which allows them to mark pages created by others as patrolled or reviewed. This right is automatically assigned to administrators. See Special:ListUsers/patroller for a list of the 698 new page reviewers. File mover See also: Wikipedia:File mover The file mover user right is intended to allow users experienced in working with files to rename them, subject to policy, with the ease that autoconfirmed users already enjoy when renaming Wikipedia articles. This right is automatically assigned to administrators. See Special:ListUsers/filemover for a list of the 403 file movers. Page mover See also: Wikipedia:Page mover The page mover user right ( extendedmover user group) is intended to allow users who have demonstrated a good understanding of the Wikipedia page naming system to rename pages and subpages without leaving redirects, subject to policy. They are also able to create and edit editnotices as well as move categories. This right is automatically assigned to administrators. See Special:ListUsers/extendedmover for a list of the 347 page movers. Account creator See also: Wikipedia:Account creator The account creator user right ( accountcreator user group) is intended for users involved in the request an account process (ACC), and so have signed the Wikimedia Foundation's confidentiality agreement for nonpublic information. They are not affected by the 6 account creation limit per day per IP, and can create accounts for other users without restriction. Users in this group can also override the anti-spoof checks on account creation. Additionally, account creators are able to create accounts with names that are otherwise blocked by the title blacklist. This right is automatically assigned to administrators and bureaucrats.[7] See Special:ListUsers/accountcreator for a list of the 15 account creators. Event coordinator See also: Wikipedia:Event coordinator The eventcoordinator flag ( eventcoordinator user group) is intended for individuals involved with off-wiki outreach events to create accounts for their attendees. Event coordinators are not affected by the 6 account creation limit per day per IP. In addition, they can allow their event attendees to create new articles by temporarily adding newly created accounts to confirmed user group. This right is automatically assigned to administrators. See Special:ListUsers/eventcoordinator for a list of the 124 event coordinators. Template editor See also: Wikipedia:Template editor Users who are given the templateeditor flag ( templateeditor user group) are allowed to edit pages protected with template protection, as well as create and edit editnotices. Template protection is only applied to pages in the template and module namespaces, as well as a few pages in the Wikipedia namespace. This right is intended to allow experienced template and module coders to make changes without having to request that an administrator make the edits for them. This right is automatically assigned to administrators. See Special:ListUsers/templateeditor for a list of the 192 template editors. IP block exemption See also: Wikipedia:IP block exemption Users who are given the ipblock-exempt flag ( ipblock-exempt user group) are not affected by autoblocks, blocks of IP addresses and ranges that are made with the "Prevent logged-in users from editing" option enabled,[8] and by Tor blocks. The flag is intended for trusted users in good standing who are unfortunately affected by such blocks. Requests for this permission may be included with your unblock request. If you are affected by an IP address range block, you must send your unblock request using the Unblock Ticket Request System. If you are trying to edit through a blocked anonymous proxy or a VPN service, you must instead send your request to checkuser-en-wpwikipedia.org, or contact a CheckUser directly. This right is automatically assigned to administrators and bots.[9] If known, an administrator is also free to grant the right to affected good-faith editors without waiting for an unblock request. See Special:ListUsers/ipblock-exempt for a list of the 684 affected users. Edit filter managers See also: Wikipedia:Edit filter Members of the edit filter manager group can create, modify, enable, disable, and delete edit filters as well as view private filters and their associated logs. This right is not assigned to administrators by default but they are allowed to grant the user right to themselves. These capabilities can also be granted to non-admins following a successful request at Wikipedia:Edit filter noticeboard. See Special:ListUsers/abusefilter for a list of the 149 edit filter managers. All users can check their log entries on the Special:AbuseFilter pages. Edit filter helpers See also: Wikipedia:Edit filter helper Members of the edit filter helper group can view private edit filters and their associated logs. This access is also included in the administrator groups. These capabilities can also be granted to non-admins following a successful request at Wikipedia:Edit filter noticeboard. See Special:ListUsers/abusefilter-helper for a list of the 21 edit filter helpers. All users can check their log entries on the Special:AbuseFilter pages. Mass message sender See also: Wikipedia:Mass message senders Members of this group may send messages to multiple users at once. This right is automatically assigned to administrators. See Special:ListUsers/massmessage-sender for a list of the 54 mass message senders. Interface administrators See also: Wikipedia:Interface administrators Users who are given the interface administrator flag ( interface-admin user group) have the ability to edit site-wide CSS, JavaScript and JSON pages (pages such as MediaWiki:Common.js or MediaWiki:Vector.css, or the gadget pages listed on Special:Gadgets), CSS/JS/JSON pages in another user's userspace, and pages in the MediaWiki namespace. Interface administrator access, along with access to another group that has undelete access, is required to view deleted versions of pages only editable by this group. Because it provides the potential to send malicious CSS, JS, and JSON code to execute in other users' browsers, this right may only be granted to existing administrators,[10] with two-factor authentication enabled on their accounts.[11] These capabilities can be granted following a successful request at Wikipedia:Bureaucrats' noticeboard. See Special:ListUsers/interface-admin for a list of the 14 interface administrators. Functionary user levels See also: Wikipedia:Functionaries CheckUser See also: Wikipedia:CheckUser and meta:CheckUser policy Users who are given the CheckUser flag ( checkuser user group) have access to Special:CheckUser, a function page that allows them to view a list of all IP addresses used by a user account to edit the English Wikipedia, an extended list of all edits made from an IP (which includes edits that were made by any user accounts while using the specific IP), or a list of all user accounts that have used a given IP address. They also have access to the Checkuser log, which logs each time a Checkuser uses their tools to view any of the information listed. This user right is only granted to exceedingly few users and after a high level of scrutiny and review by the community, and after review and the support of the Arbitration Committee. Users must also be at least 18 years old and have signed the Wikimedia Foundation's confidentiality agreement for nonpublic information. As CheckUsers have access to deleted revisions, they are also required to have passed an "RfA or RfA-identical process" first.[12] See Special:ListUsers/checkuser for a list of the 46 CheckUsers. Oversight See also: Wikipedia:Oversight and meta:Oversight policy Users who are given the oversight flag ( oversight user group) have access to additional functions on the page deletion, revision deletion, and block function pages through which they can hide logs or revisions of pages (partially or entirely) from any form of usual access by all other users, including administrators. They also have access to the suppression log, where they can view actions made by other oversighters, as well as the content of the hidden revisions. This user right is only granted to exceedingly few users and after a high level of scrutiny and review by the community, and after review and the support of Arbitration Committee. Users must also be at least 18 years old and have signed the Wikimedia Foundation's confidentiality agreement for nonpublic information. Oversighters are also required to have passed a "RfA or RfA-identical process" first.[12] See Special:ListUsers/oversight for a list of the 43 Oversighters. Other flagged accounts Bots See also: Wikipedia:Bot policy Accounts used by approved bots to make pre-approved edits can be flagged as such. Bot accounts are automated or semi-automated, the nature of their edits is well defined, and they will be quickly blocked if their actions vary from their given tasks, so they require less scrutiny than human edits. For this reason, contributions from accounts with the bot flag ( bot user group) are not displayed in recent changes or watchlists to users who have opted to hide bot edits. Minor edits made by bot accounts to user talk pages do not trigger the "you have new messages" banner. Bot accounts can query the API in batches of 5,000 rather than 500. See Special:ListUsers/bot for a list of the 320 bots. Copyright violation bots See also: Wikipedia:Bot policy § The "copyviobot" flag A copyviobot is an approved bot that is given the (pagetriage-copyvio) permission, allowing it to use the API to tag pages listed on Special:NewPagesFeed as likely copyright violations. User:EranBot is the only copyviobot. Founder Shortcut WP:Founder The founder group was created on the English Wikipedia by developer Tim Starling, without community input, as a unique group for Jimmy "Jimbo" Wales???although Larry Sanger is a co-founder, he has never been a member of this group.[13] The group gives Wales full access to user rights. As 'local founder actions' are usually of great interest to the local community, and are only relevant to the English Wikipedia, the 'local founder' right also has the benefit of allowing Wales' actions to be visible in the English Wikipedia rights log. Wales is also a member of the founder global group, which has view-only rights across the Wikimedia network. Researcher Shortcut WP:RESEARCHER The researcher group allows individuals approved by the Wikimedia Foundation to perform a title search for deleted pages, view deleted history entries, and view deleted contents. It was created in 2010 and expanded in 2020.[14][15] See Special:ListUsers/researcher for a list of the 3 current researchers and meta:Research:Special API permissions/Log for further details. Importers and transwiki importers Shortcut WP:Importers Transwiki importers is a group which gives editors the (import) permission for use on Special:Import. This interface allows users to copy pages, and optionally entire page histories, from certain other Wikimedia wikis. The import permission is also included in the administrators and importers user groups. There are currently 0 users in the transwiki importers group. This group is mostly deprecated and is only available for assignment by stewards following a special community approval discussion. Importers is a similar group which gives editors the (importupload) permission as well as the (import) permission for use on Special:Import. Importers have the additional ability to import articles directly from XML (which may come from any wiki site). The importupload permission is also included in the stewards group. See Special:ListUsers/import for the 2 importers. This access is highly restricted and is only available for assignment to a limited number of very trusted users by stewards following a special community approval discussion. All users can use Special:Export to create an XML export of a page and its history. See also the import log, transwiki log, Help:Import, and Wikipedia:Requests for page importation. Blocked users Further information: Wikipedia:Blocking policy Any user account can be blocked, regardless of which user group(s) it belongs to. During the duration of the block, the blocking flag disables the user or IP's existing editing privileges depending on which block options are set by the administrator. A partial block still allows some parts of Wikipedia to be edited. Blocked users are listed on Special:BlockList. Indefinitely blocked users Shortcuts WP:INDEFRIGHTS WP:BANNEDRIGHTS In general, rights of editors blocked indefinitely should be left as is. Rights specifically related to the reason for blocking may be removed at the discretion of the blocking or unblocking administrators.[16] This also applies to the user rights of site banned editors.[17] Global rights Global rights have effects on all public Wikimedia wikis, but their use may be restricted by local policy, see Wikipedia:Global rights policy. For an automatically generated list of global groups with all their permissions, see Special:GlobalGroupPermissions. For a list of users along with their global groups, see Special:GlobalUsers. Stewards See also: Meta:Steward Stewardship is an elected role, and stewards are appointed globally across all public Wikimedia wikis. Users who are members of the steward user group may grant and revoke any permission to or from any user on any wiki operated by the Wikimedia Foundation which allows open account creation. This group is set on MetaWiki, and may use meta:Special:Userrights to set permissions on any Wikimedia wiki; they may add or remove any user from any group configured on metawiki. Stewards generally act only when there is no user on a particular wiki that can make the necessary change. This includes granting of the administrator or bureaucrat access levels on wikis which do not have any local bureaucrats, and removing such flags if the user resigns or the account is acting maliciously. Stewards are also responsible for granting and revoking access levels such as oversight and checkuser, as no other group is capable of making such changes except Foundation sysadmins and Trust and Safety staff. Stewards can also act as checkusers, oversighters, bureaucrats or administrators on wikis which do not have active local members of those groups. For example, if a wiki has a passing need for an edit to be oversighted, a steward can add themselves to the oversight user group on that wiki, perform the necessary function, and then remove themselves from the oversight group using their steward rights. Most steward actions are logged at meta:Special:Log/rights or meta:Special:Log/gblrights (some go to meta:Stewards/Additional log for global changes). See Special:GlobalUsers/steward or meta:Special:ListUsers/steward for a list of users in this group. Other global user groups Main pages: Wikipedia:Global rights policy and meta:User groups Other global groups include WMF staff; sysadmins (system administrators); ombudsmen; OTRS-members (Volunteer Response Team); global bots; global rollbackers; global sysops (not enabled on English Wikipedia); interface editors. See Global rights policy and meta:User groups for information on these, as well as a full list. Table Generally, bureaucrats on the English Wikipedia are also administrators, and so have all the permissions of the sysop user group in addition to those rights from the bureaucrat group. However, this is not a requirement of the MediaWiki software nor is it a formal requirement of the Requests for Bureaucratship process; it is technically possible for a user to be a bureaucrat without also being an admin. Deprecated permissions are either no longer assigned to any group or the group to which they are assigned is no longer populated. Special:ListGroupRights is an automatically generated list of granted user group rights. The below table is manually updated, and also includes global groups with local access. v t e Permission Allows user(s) to??? All users[a] Registered accounts[b] Autoconfirmed and Confirmed Bots Administrators Bureaucrats other groups[c] abusefilter-hidden-log View hidden abuse log entries OS abusefilter-hide-log Hide entries in the abuse log abusefilter-log View the abuse log Y abusefilter-log-detail View detailed abuse log entries Y Y Y GR abusefilter-log-private View edit filters marked as private Y abusefilter-modify Modify abuse filters EFM abusefilter-modify-restricted Modify edit filters with restricted actions Y abusefilter-privatedetails View private data (IP addresses) in the abuse log CU abusefilter-privatedetails-log View the AbuseFilter private details access log abusefilter-revert Revert all changes by a given abuse filter Y abusefilter-view View non-private abuse filters Y abusefilter-view-private View edit filters marked as private CU, EFH, EFM, OS apihighlimits Request API queries in batches of 5,000, rather than 500 Y Y Researchers applychangetags Apply tags along with one's changes Y autoconfirmed Not be affected by IP-based rate limits Y Y Y PCR, GR, IE autopatrol Automatically mark all edits made by the user as patrolled Y Y AP, GR autoreview Automatically mark all revisions made by the user as "accepted" Y / N[d] Y Y PCR bigdelete Delete pages with over 5,000 revisions Stewards block Block an IP address, user account, or range of IP addresses, from editing Y blockemail Block a user from sending email Y bot Edit without their edits showing up in recent changes Y browsearchive Search deleted pages Y CU, OS, Researchers centralauth-merge Merge their account Y changetags Add and remove arbitrary tags on individual revisions and log entries Y Y EFM checkuser View all IP addresses used by a user account or show all edits from a given IP address CU, Ombuds checkuser-log View the checkuser log collectionsaveascommunitypage Save books as community page in the book namespace Y collectionsaveasuserpage Save books as user subpage Y Y createaccount Create a new user account for themselves or another user Y Y createpage Create a new page Y createpagemainns Create a new mainspace page (users without this right are redirected to the Article Creation Workflow landing page) Y createtalk Create a new talk page Y Y delete Delete a page with ??? 5,000 revisions Y deletechangetags Delete tags from the database Y deletedhistory View the history of a deleted page or a user's deleted contributions, provided it is not CSS or JS Y CU, OS, Researchers delete-redirect Delete single revision redirects PMR deletedtext View the text of deleted revisions, provided the page is not CSS or JS Y CU, Ombuds, OS, Researchers deletelogentry Access the RevisionDelete tool and change the public visibility of log entries Y OS deleterevision Access the RevisionDelete tool and change the public visibility of edit revisions Y Permission Allows user(s) to??? All users[a] Registered accounts[b] Autoconfirmed and Confirmed Bots Administrators Bureaucrats other groups[c] edit Edit any page which is not protected Y Y IE editcontentmodel Edit the content model of a page Y TE, IE editinterface Edit the MediaWiki namespace to affect the interface Y IA, IE editmyoptions Edit your own preferences Y editmyprivateinfo Edit your own private data (e.g. email address, real name) Y editmyusercss Edit your own user .css files Y editmyuserjs Edit your own user .js files Y editmyuserjson Edit your own user .json files Y editmywatchlist Edit your own watchlist Y editprotected Edit fully-protected pages Y IE editsemiprotected Edit semi-protected pages Y Y Y PCR, GR, IE editsitecss Edit sitewide .css files IA, IE editsitejs Edit sitewide .js files editsitejson Edit sitewide .json files Y editusercss Edit other users' .css files IA, IE edituserjs Edit other users' .js files edituserjson Edit other users' .json files Y IA extendedconfirmed Edit 30/500 protected pages Y Y XC, IE globalblock-whitelist Disable global blocks locally Y hideuser Block a username, hiding it from the public OS import Import pages from other wikis Y IMP, TWI importupload Import pages from a locally stored XML file IMP ipblock-exempt Be unaffected by blocks applied to the user's IP address or a range (CIDR) containing it Y Y IPBE managechangetags Create and (de)activate tags Y EFM markbotedits Mark rollback as bot edits, to keep them out of recent changes Y GR[e] massmessage Send a message to multiple users at once Y MMS mergehistory Merge the history of pages Y minoredit Make an edit marked as 'minor' Y move Change the title of a page by moving it Y Y PMR, GR move-categorypages Change the title of a category by moving it Y Y PMR movefile Change the title of a file by moving it Y FMV move-rootuserpages Move root user pages Y Y move-subpages Move pages with their subpages Y Y PMR movestable Move pages under pending changes Y / N[d] Y GR mwoauthmanagemygrants Manage OAuth grants Y nominornewtalk Minor edits by this user to user talk pages do not trigger the "you have new messages" banner Y noratelimit Not be affected by rate limits Y Y Y ACCP, EVC, GR[e], Stewards Permission Allows user(s) to??? All users[a] Registered accounts[b] Autoconfirmed and Confirmed Bots Administrators Bureaucrats other groups[c] nuke Mass delete pages Y oathauth-enable Enable two-factor authentication Y Y CU, EFM, Founder, IMP, IA, OS, TE, TWI override-antispoof Allows the creation of accounts with mixed-script, confusing and similar usernames Y Y ACCP pagetriage-copyvio Tag pages in the Special:NewPagesFeed as likely copyright violations, through the pagetriage-tagcopyvio API Copyright violation bots patrol State that they have checked a page that appeared in Special:Newpages Y New page reviewers protect Change protection levels, edit and move protected pages, and edit cascade-protected pages Y IE purge Purge a page by adding &action=purge to the URL Y read Read pages Y Y renameuser Change the name of an existing account Global renamers, Stewards reupload Overwrite an existing unprotected file Y Y reupload-own Overwrite existing files uploaded by oneself Y reupload-shared Override files on the shared media repository locally Y review Mark revisions as being "accepted" Y PCR rollback Use a special link to more easily revert a bad edit Y RBK, GR[e] sendemail E-mail a user (using Special:EmailUser/username) who have associated an email address with themselves Y skipcaptcha Perform CAPTCHA-triggering actions without having to go through the CAPTCHA Y Y Y GR spamblacklistlog View the spam blacklist log Y EFH stablesettings Configure how the latest accepted revision is selected and displayed Y suppressionlog View private logs OS suppressredirect Not create a redirect from the old name when moving a page Y Y Y GR[e], PMR, IE suppressrevision Access the RevisionDelete tool and change the public and administrator visibility of edit revisions and logs OS tboverride Override the title blacklist Y Y TE, PMR, IE tboverride-account Override the username blacklist ACCP templateeditor Edit pages under template protection Y TE, IE titleblacklistlog View title blacklist log Y torunblocked Bypass automatic blocks of Tor exit nodes IPBE transcode-reset Reset failed or transcoded videos so they are inserted into the job queue again Y Y transcode-status View information about the current transcode activity Y undelete Undelete a previously deleted page or specific revisions from it, view deleted revisions Y unwatchedpages View a list of pages which are not on anyone's watchlist Y upload Upload a media file Y Y urlshortener-create-url Create short URLs Y Y userrights Edit all user rights Stewards, Jimbo Wales viewmyprivateinfo View your own private data (e.g. email address, real name) Y viewmywatchlist View your own watchlist Y viewsuppressed View revisions hidden from any user OS vipsscaler-test Use the VIPS scaling test interface Y writeapi Use of the write API Y Y Y Permission Allows user(s) to??? All users[a] Registered accounts[b] Autoconfirmed and Confirmed Bots Administrators Bureaucrats other groups[c] ^ a b c d Includes IP users. Any permission granted to all users will be inherited by the other user groups. ^ a b c d Any permission granted to registered accounts will be inherited by the other (registered) user groups. ^ a b c d Any user listed in this column has the relevant permission. Italics indicate a global permission. ^ a b Only autoconfirmed ^ a b c d Per Wikipedia:Global rights policy, Global rollbackers are only allowed to use this right in the context of counter-vandalism efforts The userright proxyunbannable is assigned to administrators but has no effect since WMF wikis use mw:Extension:TorBlock instead of the default MediaWiki proxy blocker. Administrators are not exempt from tor blocks, only users in the IP block exemptions usergroup are, due to the torunblocked userright. IPs and new users are limited to 8 edits per minute. Autoconfirmed or confirmed users who are in no usergroup with the noratelimit userright are limited to 8 moves per minute. Rollbackers in the same situation are limited to 100 rollbacks per minute.[18] Account creations are subject to an IP based limit, set at 6 for WMF wikis, but users with noratelimit are unaffected. User access level changes Key to Rights Yes No Y Key to Project Local Global Restricted Event coord. Administrator Bureaucrat Steward Founder Confirmed give Y Y Y Y Y take N Extended confirmed Y Y Y New page reviewer Y Y Y Rollbacker Y Y Y Autopatrolled Y Y Y Edit Filter helper, Edit Filter manager Y Y Y Event coordinator Y Y Y Page mover, File mover Y Y Y Template editor Y Y Y Mass message sender Y Y Y IP Block Exempt give Y N Y Y take Y Pending changes reviewer Y Y Y Y Account Creator Y Y Y Y Bot, Copyright violation bot Y Y Y Administrator, Interface Administrator Y Y1 Y Bureaucrat give Y Y Y take N Checkuser, Oversight Y Y Import Y Y Event coord. Administrator Bureaucrat Steward Founder ^1 Because bureaucrats were granted the ability to do this, stewards would refer most ordinary requests for removal of the sysop permission to them, but retain the right to remove the sysop permission when appropriate (such as emergencies or requests from the Arbitration Committee). Former levels Course coordinator, instructor, online and campus volunteer Enabled users to manage course pages in the "Education Program:" namespace, which was shutdown in June 2018 Afttest and Afttest-hide Only granted by WMF staff, these enabled users to delete and/or hide article feedback. Removed in March 2014 after a one-year run. EP staff, administrator, campus-ambassador, online-ambassador, and instructor Used by users to coordinate and work with students, instructors, and institutions as part of the education program. Deprecated since 2013. See also This page is referenced in the Wikipedia Glossary, under Autoconfirmed. Meta:User groups Manual:User rights on MediaWiki Special:ListGroupRights See what usergroup a user is in Wikipedia:Editing restrictions: a list of users with editing restrictions that have been imposed by the Arbitration Committee Wikipedia:Editorial oversight and control (explains the access structure from the perspective of quality control on Wikipedia) Wikipedia User permissions API Wikipedia:Requests for permissions (to request certain userrights) Wikipedia:Sockpuppet investigations Notes ^ See wgTorAutoConfirmAge and wgTorAutoConfirmCount in https://noc.wikimedia.org/conf/CommonSettings.php.txt ^ In accordance with this RfC, event coordinators may only grant the confirmed flag to editors who actually participate in an outreach event. ^ Their most recent edit must have been made after 5 April 2016, when extendedconfirmed was implemented. ^ 28 May 2017 clarification request ^ MediaWiki default settings are that the 'bureaucrats' group has the userrights flag (giving access to Special:UserRights) and can add or remove any flags. However this can be modified by mw:Manual:$wgAddGroups and mw:Manual:$wgRemoveGroups to restrict adding/removing flags to specified ones. Wikimedia's settings file uses these, and by default bureaucrats can only remove bot flags and add administrator, bureaucrat and bot flags. English Wikipedia, or 'enwiki', settings additionally permit adding accountcreator and removal of ipblock-exempt and accountcreator; which administrators can do anyway, and removal of sysop. ^ Since August 2011, per T20390 ^ "Project:Account creators". MediaWikiWiki. 2015. Retrieved 2015-02-01. DefaultSettings.php grants the noratelimit user right to bureaucrats and sysops. ^ This flag only grants the exempted user to edit behind the IP address. IP block exempt users are not able to create accounts while behind an IP address that is also blocked with the "Prevent account creation" option enabled. ^ Administrators and bots are not affected by autoblocks and hard IP address blocks. However, the ipblock-exempt flag must be added to the administrator or bot account as a separate user right to allow them to edit from IP addresses affected by Tor blocks. ^ See this RfC at Wikipedia talk:Interface administrators/Archive 3#Allow non-admins to request access? ^ WMF 2FA requirement as published on Meta-Wiki ^ a b The Wikimedia Foundation has stated that an "RfA or RfA-identical process" is required for users to be granted access to deleted revisions. ^ Although there are two co-founders, User:Jimbo Wales is the only member of this group???see Special:ListUsers/founder. ^ Phabricator Task T253420: Add 'deletedtext' right to user group 'researchers' ^ The group has access to the browsearchive, deletedhistory and deletedtext rights, as well apihighlimits (Special:ListGroupRights#researcher) ^ See the RfC at Wikipedia talk:User access levels/Archive 2#Rights of indef blocked users. ^ See the RfC at Wikipedia:Requests for comment/User rights of (site) banned users. ^ The API query https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&meta=userinfo&uiprop=ratelimits%7Cgroups can be used to check those values. v t e Requests for permissions Common Autopatrolled AutoWikiBrowser File mover New page reviewer Page mover Pending changes reviewer Rollback Uncommon Account creator Confirmed Event coordinator Extended confirmed Mass message sender Template editor Logs Archived requests Approved requests Denied requests System rights log Special Administrator Bureaucrat Bot Edit filter helper Edit filter manager Interface administrator v t e Wikipedia technical help Get personal technical help at the Teahouse, Help desk, Village pump (technical), talk pages or IRC. General technical help Browser notes Bypass cache Keyboard shortcuts Troubleshooting Editing CharInsert Edit conflict Edit toolbar Reverting How to create a page IRC Tutorial Mobile access Multilingual support Page history Page information Page name Help Printing Software notices Editnotice Special Characters Entering User access levels VisualEditor User guide Special page-related Special page help Edit filter Emailing users Logging in Reset passwords Logs Moving a page Fixing cut-and-paste moves Notifications/Echo FAQ Page Curation Page import Pending changes Random pages Recent changes Related changes Searching Linksearch Tags User contributions Watchlist What links here Wikitext Wikitext Cheatsheet Columns Line-break handling Lists Magic words For beginners Conditional expressions Switch parser function Time function Redirects Sections and TOCs Tables Introduction Basics Advanced table formatting Collapsing Conditional tables Sorting Using colours Links and diffs Links Interlanguage Interwiki Permanent Diffs Simplest diff guide Simple diff and link guide Complete diff and link guide Colon trick Link color Pipe trick URLs Media files: images, videos and sounds Media help Files Creation and usage Moving files to Commons Images Introduction to images Picture tutorial Preparing images for upload Uploading images Options to hide an image Extended image syntax SVG help Gallery tag Graphics tutorials Basic bitmap image editing How to improve image quality Graphics Lab resources Sound file markup Visual file markup Other graphics Family trees Graphs and charts How to create Barcharts To scale charts Math formulas Math symbols LaTeX symbols Rendering math Musical scores Musical symbols Timeline EasyTimeline syntax WikiHiero syntax Templates and Lua modules Templates Advanced template coding Template documentation Template index Template limits Template sandbox and test cases Citation templates Lua help Lua project Resources To do Substitution Purge Job queue Transclusion Labeled section Guide to Scribbling Data structure Namespaces Main/Article Category Draft File File description page Help Portal Project/Wikipedia Talk Archiving Template User User page design MediaWiki Bug reports and feature requests System message TimedMediaHandler extension Module Special HTML and CSS Cascading Style Sheets HTML in wikitext Catalogue of CSS classes Common.js and common.css User CSS for monospaced coding font Classes in microformats Markup validation Span tags Useful styles Customisation and tools Preferences Gadgets Skins Citation tools Cleaning up vandalism tools Customizing watchlists Hide pages IRC Scripts User scripts Guide Techniques User style Tools Alternative browsing Browser tools Editing tools Navigation shortcuts Optimum tool set Wikimedia Cloud Services Beta Features at MediaWiki Automated editing AfC helper script AutoWikiBrowser Bots Creating HotCat Huggle Navigation popups RedWarn Twinkle WPCleaner Inactive igloo STiki See also: Category:Wikipedia how-to Category:Wikipedia information pages Further navigation at: Help pages Administrators Accessibility Accounts Bots Referencing Citation metadata Templates User scripts v t e Wikipedia accounts and governance Unregistered (IP) users Why create an account? Create an account Request an account IPs are human too IP addresses are not people IP hopper Registered users New account Logging in Reset passwords Username policy Changing username Usernames for administrator attention Unified login or SUL Alternate account Account security Password strength requirements User account security Personal security practices Two-factor authentication 2FA for AWB Committed identity On privacy, confidentiality and discretion Compromised accounts Blocks, bans, sanctions, global actions Blocking policy FAQ Admins guide Tools Autoblock Appealing a block Guide to appealing blocks UTRS Unblock Ticket Request System Blocking IP addresses Range blocks IPv6 Open proxies Banning policy ArbCom appeals Sanctions Personal sanctions General sanctions Discretionary sanctions and Log Essay Long-term abuse Standard offer Global actions Related to accounts Sockpuppetry Single-purpose account Sleeper account Vandalism-only account Wikibreak Enforcer Retiring Courtesy vanishing Clean start Quiet return User groups and global user groups Requests for permissions Admin instructions Admin guide Account creator PERM (Auto) confirmed PERM Autopatrolled PERM AutoWikiBrowser PERM Bot Request Edit filter helper Request Event coordinator PERM Extended confirmed PERM File mover PERM IP block exempt Request Mass message sender PERM New page reviewer PERM Page mover PERM Pending changes reviewer PERM Rollback PERM Template editor PERM Global rights policy OTRS Volunteer Response Team Advanced user groups Administrator RfA Bureaucrat RfB CheckUser and Oversight Request Edit filter manager Request Interface administrator Request Founder Importer Researcher Committees and related Arbitration Committee Bot approvals group Functionaries Clerks SPI clerks ArbCom clerks Governance Administration FAQ Formal organization Editorial oversight and control Quality control Wikimedia Foundation Board Founder's seat Meta-Wiki Proposals WikiProjects Elections Policies and guidelines Petitions Noticeboards Consensus Dispute resolution Reforms Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:User_access_levels&oldid=1032140401" Categories: Wikipedia information pages Wikipedia glossary items Wikipedia user access levels Wikipedia features Hidden categories: Project pages with short description Wikipedia semi-protected project pages Wikipedia move-protected project pages Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Meta-Wiki Wikidata Wikisource Wikiversity Wiktionary Languages Alemannisch ????????? Az??rbaycanca ???????? ?????? Banjar ??????????? Boarisch ??????????? Bosanski Català Dansk Deutsch Español Esperanto ??????? Français Gagauz ??????????? ???????? ????/Hak-kâ-ngî ??????? Hornjoserbsce Hrvatski Ilokano Bahasa Indonesia Italiano Jawa ??????? ????????????????????? ?????????? Kurdî Latviešu Magyar ???????? ??????? ?????? ???????????? ????????? ??????? Nederlands ???????? ???????? Norsk bokmål Occitan ??????? O?zbekcha/????????? ??????????????????????????? Plattdüütsch Polski Português ?????????? Shqip ????????? Simple English ??????? Soomaaliga ???????? / srpski Srpskohrvatski / ????????????????????? Suomi Svenska ?????? ?????????? ????? ?????? Türkçe Vèneto Ti?ng Vi??t ????? ???? ??? Zeêuws ???? Edit links This page was last edited on 5 July 2021, at 18:31 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement