Wikipedia:Double redirects - Wikipedia Wikipedia:Double redirects From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search Project page about double redirects "WP:2R" redirects here. For other uses, see Wikipedia:RR (disambiguation). This page in a nutshell: A double redirect is a redirect to another redirect. The MediaWiki software won't follow these redirects. Double redirects are easily fixed by bots, and human editors should devote their efforts elsewhere. However, an editor should not leave behind the double redirects that they created themselves. Shortcuts WP:2R WP:DblR WP:2RE WP:2REDIR Special pages (maintenance) Information Broken redirects Dead-end pages Dead-end pages Dormant pages Dusty articles Double redirects Double redirects Lonely pages Orphaned articles Long pages New pages New page patrol New pages feed Page curation Protected pages Protection policy Short pages Uncategorized Categorization Uncategorized cats Uncategorized templates Unused categories Unused files (images) Unused templates Without interwiki links Most interwiki links WantedPages Most-wanted articles See also: Maintenance departments v t e A redirect is a special type of page that automatically causes another page to be displayed in its place. A redirect that points to another redirect is called a double redirect. These pages are unwanted, because Wikipedia's MediaWiki software is currently configured to not follow the second redirect. The MediaWiki feature which will allow it is not mature yet. If someone is redirected to a redirect, the chain stops after the first redirect, like in the example. These situations create unpleasant experiences for the reader and make the navigational structure of the site confusing. Double redirects are usually created after a page move, when old redirects are left unchanged and pointing towards an old name. Although bots fix most of these within a few days from creation automatically, editors should take care not to manually create double redirects. Contents 1 How to fix a double redirect 2 Double redirects and bots 3 Lists 4 Checking for double redirects 5 When MediaWiki won't automatically follow a redirect 6 See also How to fix a double redirect[edit] Shortcut WP:A2R An example double redirect, which has since been corrected by redirecting Morchella esculenta directly to Morchella without using Morel as a half-way point. Suppose page title A (Morchella esculenta in the example to the right) redirects to B (Morel), which in turn redirects to C (Morchella). Upon following the link to A, you will see, as illustrated, a page containing: the page title B; a large link to C; a small notice saying "Redirected from A" Click the "A" in "redirected from A". You will see a page containing: the page title A; a large link to B. Click "Edit source" (or "Edit", if no "Edit source" tab is available) and change B to C. Double redirects and bots[edit] Double redirects are easily and automatically fixed by bots, and most are fixed within a few days of creation. Because of this, human editors would be best off putting their time on other tasks that can't be automated. However, bots will not fix a double redirect if the redirect page is fully protected. The following bots fix double redirects: Name Tasks Owner First Approval Status Link(s) AvicBot (talk · contribs) Fixing double redirects, other tasks Avicennasis 2011-07-2222 July 2011 -Inactive Rights · BRFAs EmausBot (talk · contribs) Resolve double redirects Emaus 2011-01-099 January 2011 -Active Rights · BRFAs RussBot (talk · contribs) Fixing double redirects and disambiguation links, maintaining WP:DPM, maintaining redirected categories R'n'B 2005-06-022 June 2005 -Active Rights · BRFAs 1 · 2 Xqbot (talk · contribs) Fixing double redirects, other tasks Xqt 2009-12-1313 December 2009 -Active Rights · BRFAs This list was compiled from Wikipedia:Bots/Status. Lists[edit] Current list: Special:DoubleRedirects Alternate link showing 1000 entries Old lists: Wikipedia:Reference desk archive/Computing/Early#Cleanup projects Checking for double redirects[edit] Suppose you want to check whether there are any double redirects to page C. Go to page C and click "What links here" (usually the first link in the "Toolbox" on the lefthand side of the page). Double (or multiple) redirects are those pages which appear in the list with both of these properties: Indented at least one level in comparison to the page at the top of the list, AND Labelled "(redirect page)". Note that if you've just moved page C, then there might be only one page which is not indented, (the page at the top of the list), and everything else might be indented at least one level. Once all double redirects have been fixed, the "What links here" page will have only three types of pages listed: Direct links from ordinary pages (not indented, not labelled "(redirect page)"). Direct links from redirect pages (not indented; labelled "(redirect page)"). Indirect links from ordinary pages (indented one level, not labelled "(redirect page)"). The first and third categories do not need to be fixed ??? see Wikipedia:Redirect#Do not "fix" links to redirects that are not broken. When MediaWiki won't automatically follow a redirect[edit] MediaWiki will not follow a redirect if: there are double redirects it is a redirect to a Special page it is a redirect to a non-existent page it is a redirect to an interwiki page See also[edit] Help:Self link Special:BrokenRedirects Special:DoubleRedirects Wikipedia:Example of a double redirect Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Double_redirects&oldid=1032265681" Categories: Wikipedia redirecting Hidden categories: Project pages with short description Wikipedia maintenance Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version Languages Dansk ??????? ??????? Interlingua ??slenska Nederlands ???????? Português Edit links This page was last edited on 6 July 2021, at 11:49 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement