Wikipedia:Recent additions - Wikipedia Wikipedia:Recent additions From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search Archive page of the Main Page Did you know section "WP:DYKA" redirects here. For the list of approved Did you know nominations, see WP:DYKNA. Shortcut WP:DYKA This is a record of material that was recently featured on the Main Page as part of Did you know (DYK). Recently created new articles, greatly expanded former stub articles and recently promoted good articles are eligible; you can submit them for consideration. Archives are generally grouped by month of Main Page appearance. (Currently, DYK hooks are archived according to the date and time that they were taken off the Main Page.) To find which archive contains the fact that appeared on Did you know, go to article's talk page and follow the archive link in the DYK talk page message box. Current archive 2021 January February March April May June 2020 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2019 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2018 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2017 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2016 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2015 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2014 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2013 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2012 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2011 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2010 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2009 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2008 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2007 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2006 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2005 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2004 Started February March April May June July August September October November December Edit the DYK archive navigation template "Did you know ...?" Introduction and rules WP:DYK General discussion WT:DYK Supplementary rules WP:DYKSG Nominations (awaiting approval) WP:DYKN Reviewing guide WP:DYKR Nominations (approved) WP:DYKNA Preps and queues T:DYK/Q Currently on Main Page T:DYK Main Page errors WP:ERRORS Archive of appearances WP:DYKA Statistics WP:DYKSTATS April 1 hooks WP:DYKAPRIL April 1 talk WT:DYKAPRIL v t e Contents 1 Did you know... 1.1 12 July 2021 1.2 11 July 2021 1.3 10 July 2021 1.4 9 July 2021 1.5 8 July 2021 1.6 7 July 2021 1.7 6 July 2021 1.8 5 July 2021 1.9 4 July 2021 1.10 3 July 2021 1.11 2 July 2021 1.12 1 July 2021 Did you know... 12 July 2021 00:00, 12 July 2021 (UTC) Enslaved people being thrown from a ship ... that in a court case, William Gregson was awarded £30 for every enslaved person that his crew had murdered in the Zong massacre? ... that the Microphones' 2003 album Mount Eerie uses different people and vocal styles to represent distinct, individual characters? ... that Abeer Odeh was the first woman to serve as Minister of National Economy in Palestine? ... that Deutsches Tanzarchiv Köln, the German archive for documents related to dance on stage, holds around 400 estates of dancers, choreographers and photographers, such as Mary Wigman and Kurt Jooss? ... that Steve Bennett's write-in candidacy for election to the Ventura city council was endorsed by Patagonia, Inc.? ... that Harriet Tyce's novel Blood Orange became popular during COVID-19 lockdowns in 2020? ... that photographing Elliot Page for the cover of Time "really meant the world" to Canadian photographer Wynne Neilly? ... that the style of the 9th-century Celtic Roscrea Brooch was influenced by the artworks of Viking invaders? 11 July 2021 12:00, 11 July 2021 (UTC) Jews forced to perform calisthenics during the Eleftherias Square roundup ... that 9,000 Greek Jews were targeted by the 1942 Eleftherias Square roundup (pictured), and those who collapsed were attacked by dogs? ... that Ellora Derenoncourt demonstrated that the expansion of minimum wage in 1967 accounted for 20 percent of the reduction in racial income gaps in the United States during the civil rights era? ... that Japanese industrialist Ichiz?? Kobayashi established the Takarazuka Grand Theater in the city of Takarazuka because it was located at the terminus of a train line owned by his company? ... that Marja Kubašec was both the first Sorbian woman to receive a formal teacher training and the first woman to write a novel in Upper Sorbian? ... that the many refugees who have entered Canada via Roxham Road at the border between New York and Quebec since 2017 may not have been breaking any laws? ... that the volcanic crater Cerro Overo formed about 77,000 years ago? ... that June Fernández wrote "I Wanted Sex But Not Like That"? ... that the meagre attendance at the 1960 European Nations' Cup Final in Paris was blamed on crowds who "wanted western European glamour, not mysterious teams from the other side of Europe"? 00:00, 11 July 2021 (UTC) Play media "Daisy" ... that although the "Daisy" advertisement (pictured) was aired only once, it is considered to be one of the most important factors for victory in Lyndon B. Johnson's 1964 presidential campaign? ... that Joan Boada was named a principal dancer at the Cuban National Ballet at age 16, but later defected and ended up at the San Francisco Ballet? ... that the temperature was 0 °F (???18 °C) on the morning that the Battle of Hancock began? ... that James Chappell is thought to have been the first black landlord of an English public house? ... that "the very first words of encouragement [Edgar Allan Poe] ever remember[ed] to have heard" were in The Yankee? ... that Swedish writer Hedda Anderson began her literary career at the age of 58, following her husband's death in 1888? ... that prior to winning their first of nine consecutive titles in the 1965???66 season, Celtic had not been champions of the Scottish Football League for 12 years? ... that Patric and Rosalie Carey built New Zealand's first theatre for professional repertory on the back of their house? 10 July 2021 12:00, 10 July 2021 (UTC) Red-billed pied tanager ... that the red-billed pied tanager (pictured) is not a tanager? ... that Grenadian anatomic pathologist Kathleen Coard is the first female professor of pathology in the Caribbean? ... that the 130th Regiment of Foot, raised by George Pigot in 1794, was disbanded just two years later after suffering heavy losses due to tropical disease? ... that Josh Phillips, who was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for murdering his eight-year-old friend when he was fourteen, is eligible for resentencing in 2023? ... that the extinct planthopper Florissantia elegans was described in 1890 from only two fossils? ... that Chris Gittens's father refused to attend any of his professional baseball games until he was promoted to the major leagues? ... that official guests of the Swiss Confederation stayed at the Lohn Estate, a manor in Kehrsatz, in the Canton of Bern, between 1942 and 1994? ... that ballerina Tina Pereira won a competition even though she was chosen to replace an indisposed dancer, and her partner got seriously injured mid-performance? 00:00, 10 July 2021 (UTC) Georg Liebling ... that Max Liebling and his three brothers, Georg (pictured), Emil, and Sally Liebling, were all successful concert pianists and composers who trained under Franz Liszt? ... that for the first time this century, this year's British Athletics Championships were not broadcast on live television? ... that after her election as Florida's agriculture commissioner, Nikki Fried was sworn into office using the first Hebrew Bible published in the United States? ... that the fan disc of the visual novel Kichiku Megane includes a salacious typing game? ... that British army officer Thomas Stanton Lambert was killed by an IRA ambush while returning from a tennis match in 1921? ... that Homestead, Florida, radio station WOIR was credited with saving the lives of hundreds of farmworkers in a labor camp before the arrival of Hurricane Andrew? ... that, after her death, contemporaries of Frankish queen Austregilde both called her "the light of her homeland, the world, and the court" and compared her to Herod? ... that The City in the Middle of the Night, a 2019 climate-fiction novel by Charlie Jane Anders, is set on a tidally locked planet? 9 July 2021 12:00, 9 July 2021 (UTC) Shrine of Miosach, late 11th and early 16th centuries ... that large parts of the 11th-century Irish Shrine of Miosach (detail pictured) were added during a 16th-century refurbishment? ... that Elizabeth Mburu's book African Hermeneutics seeks to bring a uniquely African approach to interpreting the Bible? ... that one of the arguments made by the Simla Deputation for increasing Muslim representation in Indian politics was that they had ruled India under the Mughal Empire? ... that when Robert Saunders Jr.'s predecessor died, Saunders took his job but not his home? ... that Big Bang's G-Dragon switched his mini-album's title track from "Bullshit" to "Untitled, 2014" on the day of its release? ... that Mormon missionaries in Japan converse with each other in a specialized cant known as Senkyoshigo? ... that Hugo Marchand was named an étoile of Paris Opera Ballet at age 23, after he made an unexpected role debut when the company was touring in Japan? ... that in 1991, the Church of Christ, Scientist published a book it had previously rejected as blasphemous to obtain a $97 million bequest needed to repay its financially disastrous expansion into television? 00:00, 9 July 2021 (UTC) Charlie N. Holmberg ... that in her debut novel, The Paper Magician, fantasy author Charlie N. Holmberg (pictured) followed Brandon Sanderson's advice to limit her characters' magical powers? ... that the George W. Vanderbilt Residence has been occupied by American Express, Olympic Airlines, and Versace, but never by Vanderbilt himself? ... that ballerina Pippa Moore's last role was as Princess Beatrice, Queen Victoria's youngest daughter? ... that a basic difference between modern Paganism and New Age is that the former focuses more on the external world and the latter on the inner life of the individual? ... that Hugh Leatherman effectively controls the state of South Carolina's budget? ... that the blacktail snapper is commercially fished in Kiribati and the Ryukyu Islands? ... that Jordan Geller owned 2,388 pairs of sneakers and was recognized by Guinness World Records in 2012 for having the world's largest sneaker collection? ... that Doja Cat and her directors used Blade Runner and The Fifth Element as reference points while making the music video for "Need to Know"? 8 July 2021 12:00, 8 July 2021 (UTC) Little Island panorama ... that Little Island at Pier 55 (pictured), a new artificial island park in New York City, was described as being "in the theatrical vein of 18th century English garden follies"? ... that Chetana Nagavajara initiated and led arts-criticism research projects in Thailand in the early 2000s? ... that the "olde English" interior of the Fisk???Harkness House later became an automobile club, an art gallery, and finally a college? ... that Pamela Trotman Reid, the first Black president of the University of Saint Joseph, developed the GO-GIRL program? ... that Chang Chen lost 12 kilograms (26 lb) for his role in The Soul? ... that police officer Abdulrachman Setjowibowo was appointed the acting chairman of the Football Association of Indonesia following a conflict between the association and the Persija Jakarta club? ... that sculptures by Lorenzo Ghiglieri have been installed at the Royal Palace of Madrid, the White House, and Brown Bear Car Wash? ... that Opal Lee is often referred to as the "grandmother of Juneteenth"? 00:00, 8 July 2021 (UTC) One of the first stamps from the Pitcairn Islands ... that a decline in the sale of stamps from the Pitcairn Islands (example pictured) led to the territory's bankruptcy? ... that the National Institutes of Health's first mycologist, Chester W. Emmons, demonstrated that fungal infections were common and widespread? ... that the Basilica of Saint Maternus in Walcourt, Belgium, contains one of the oldest preserved Marian devotional statues in Western Christianity? ... that Mexican politician Rubén Rocha Moya obtained a law degree while serving as a senator? ... that before she entered the U.S. Army in 1942, Jane Douglass White, a songwriter for soldier's shows, had already composed the tune which would become the official "Song of the Women's Army Corps"? ... that during the 1940s, Sigge Stark became Sweden's most published, most read, as well as most criticised author? ... that the theme song for Guilty's live-action television series is Toshi's first original song in 22 years? ... that two of the men in the Dover Eight were going to join the raid on Harpers Ferry led by John Brown but ultimately backed out? 7 July 2021 12:00, 7 July 2021 (UTC) Nubian pyramids in Sudan ... that distinctly Nubian pyramids (examples pictured) were built early in the history of the architecture of Sudan? ... that Ronald Barnes was a major force in establishing an American approach to writing music for the carillon? ... that each chapter of the Japanese novel Kanojo ga Suki na Mono wa Homo de Atte Boku de wa Nai is themed after a song by Queen? ... that the Royal Commission on Metropolitan Railway Termini of 1846 was responsible for central London being mostly free of mainline railways and led, indirectly, to the creation of the London Underground? ... that Ed Gomes was the first member of the Working Families Party elected to a state legislature solely with the party's nomination? ... that Gracelino Barbosa won the first Paralympic medal in Cape Verdean history at the 2016 Summer Paralympics? ... that neither holochess (dejarik) nor sabacc, two games invented for the Star Wars films, have a definitive ruleset despite several real-world licensed releases? ... that adult-film actress Kendra Sunderland originally wanted to be a counselor or an accountant? 00:00, 7 July 2021 (UTC) Jane Margyl ... that Jane Margyl (pictured) began her stage career as a mime at the Folies Bergère, and became a leading singer of the Paris Opera? ... that "She's a Woman" was the first song by the Beatles to include a reference to drugs? ... that Charlie Wheatley had a seventh-grade education and three honorary degrees in engineering from the University of Tulsa? ... that Simon Mills had to postpone his honeymoon to play in the 1989 Third Division play-off final? ... that Belgian international association footballer Anaëlle Wiard, who started playing beach soccer in 2020, was the top scorer in a competition that year? ... that tools for sewing and skin preparation found at archaeological sites indicate that the history of Inuit clothing in the Arctic regions of North America and Greenland extends back as early as 2500 BCE? ... that Brian Altman is the only player in World Poker Tour history to win the same event twice? ... that in the Chinese erotic novella The Lord of Perfect Satisfaction, Empress Wu Zetian has a virgin lover whose penis is compared with snails and earthworms? 6 July 2021 00:00, 6 July 2021 (UTC) Coat of arms of the British Virgin Islands ... that the oil lamps on the coat of arms of the British Virgin Islands (pictured) represent Saint Ursula and her virgin companions, who give the islands their name? ... that the first Black woman to receive tenure in Kent State University's College of Arts & Sciences, Angela Neal-Barnett, emphasizes social support between Black women as "an indigenous form of healing"? ... that the pineapple on the flag of the Cayman Islands alludes to the territory's historic connection with Jamaica, whose coat of arms features five pineapples? ... that Robert Jones wrote the first book about figure skating in 1772? ... that the Nooth apparatus, originally invented to produce carbonated water, was later repurposed for administering anaesthetic drugs? ... that Linnéstaty, a sculpture created by Swedish sculptor Gerda Sprinchorn, was raised as a public monument 40 years after its completion? ... that the Latin American travesti gender identity has been considered to be a third gender, akin to the hijras of India and the muxe of Mexico? ... that Clarkson's Farm is "Diddly Squat"? 5 July 2021 00:00, 5 July 2021 (UTC) Rib vault of the Heiligen-Geist-Kapelle, Bruck ... that the Heiligen-Geist-Kapelle in Bruck, a unique late-Gothic chapel with a star rib vault (pictured), was almost demolished to make room for a highway? ... that the Rhodesian Independence Bell, a replica of the American Liberty Bell, was inscribed "I toll for justice, civilization and Christianity"? ... that South African American-football kicker Ryan Pretorius wore cleats two sizes too small at Ohio State to simulate kicking barefoot? ... that although Dmitri Shostakovich initially dismissed his own Piano Sonata No. 2 as a "trifle, something impromptu", he would later consider it his most important piano composition? ... that Peter Clavelle did not face either a Republican or a Democratic opponent in the 1991 Burlington mayoral election? ... that María Teresa Sesé wrote 500 romance novels in her native Spanish, then wrote several books in Basque after studying the language for two years? ... that the current Indonesian ambassador to Nigeria, Usra Hendra Harahap, personally led a rescue operation to free Indonesian crew members taken hostage by pirates in June 2020? ... that leopards live in the forest in Turkey? 4 July 2021 00:00, 4 July 2021 (UTC) Gabi with his mother Tamar ... that the 2005 birth of Gabi (pictured with mother), the first elephant in Israel conceived through artificial insemination, was viewed live by more than 350,000 people in 108 countries? ... that future cantor David Werdyger was saved from a Nazi firing squad when he sang the Jewish prayer for the dead? ... that Kanfei Nesharim Street is long and wide and straight like a runway, because it was originally built as one? ... that in 1975 Time named Schwester Selma, head nurse at the Shaare Zedek Hospital in Jerusalem, one of the world's "living saints", alongside Mother Teresa and Sister Annie? ... that the Diaspora Yeshiva Band infused rock and bluegrass with Jewish lyrics, creating a music style it called "Hasidic rock" or "Country and Eastern"? ... that Topol, who won a Golden Globe for his performance as Tevye in the 1971 film Fiddler on the Roof, played the role in shows and revivals about 3,500 times? ... that a verse from Psalm 85 has inspired artworks depicting the kiss of Justice and Peace? ... that Bambi delivered more than 35,000 babies? 3 July 2021 00:00, 3 July 2021 (UTC) Parliament Hill, Ottawa ... that the site of Parliament Hill (pictured) was previously called Barrack Hill and had been intended for development as a major military base? ... that the third Wanamaker expedition, led by Joseph K. Dixon, travelled at least 20,000 miles (32,000 km) and visited 89 Native American tribes? ... that Laura Robinson invented Canada's best-selling board game before becoming a successful actress and television producer? ... that some species of bacteria in the genus Alkalihalobacillus live in hypersaline lakes while others are added to laundry detergent? ... that music theorist Philip Ewell received "anti-Black statements and personal ad hominem attacks" following his claim that Western music theory is shaped by a "white racial frame"? ... that Murray Dowey was a clerk and typist for the Toronto Transit Commission before being the goaltender for Canada's gold-medal-winning hockey team at the 1948 Winter Olympics? ... that the Walter Bean Grand River Trail was named after Walter Bean, who created the idea of a continuous trail through the Waterloo region? ... that Toman helped popularize genderless fashion in Japan? 2 July 2021 00:00, 2 July 2021 (UTC) Flag of Nova Scotia ... that the flag of Nova Scotia (pictured) was officially recognized in 2013, even though its first documented use was in June 1858? ... that the first use of Je me souviens, the official motto of Quebec, was on a wall of the province's parliament building? ... that St. Nikolaus von Flüe, the first Catholic church in Wörsdorf, was consecrated in 1962? ... that John Mercer Johnson, a Father of Canadian Confederation, entertained the public and members of the London Conference of 1866 with poetry readings and ice-skating performances? ... that British general Charles Bertie Prowse was killed while leading his brigade in an attack during the first day on the Somme, 105 years ago today? ... that following a career-ending injury while playing Australian rules football, Justin Clarke became a Rhodes scholar in 2021? ... that the song "Canadian Idiot" satirizes American xenophobia? ... that pitchers are cheating in baseball with a glue invented for strongmen to hold Atlas balls? 1 July 2021 00:00, 1 July 2021 (UTC) Illustration from the Anis Al-Hujjaj ... that a 17th-century illustrated manuscript of the Anis Al-Hujjaj shows pilgrims sailing from the Indian subcontinent to Arabia (pictured)? ... that in times of food scarcity, the collared sand anemone may consume the symbiotic zooxanthellae in its tissues? ... that Kata Wéber moved to Berlin to write the play that would become Pieces of a Woman to avoid her husband, who had encouraged her to write it after finding her personal notes? ... that William E. Woods took three same-sex couples to fill out marriage licenses in 1990, beginning a series of events that would lead to the legalization of same-sex marriage in the United States? ... that the fossil horsetail Equisetum similkamense has been found in only two places, both in British Columbia? ... that Ira F. M. Butler was Speaker of the House of Representatives in the last session of the Oregon Territorial Legislature prior to statehood? ... that in San Diego, you can get a steak dinner made by a bear? ... that judoka Loretta Doyle found out that she was pregnant during pre???Olympic selection medical checks? v t e Main Page and featured content Main Page topics Errors Administrator instructions Main Page alternatives FAQ Editing Design Queue Yesterday Tomorrow History Wikipedia languages Sister projects Sandbox April Fools' Day Don't delete! Today's featured article Requests Pending requests Recent Oddities Most viewed Not yet used Featured articles Criteria Candidates Log Review Archive Statistics Former featured articles Unreviewed Did you know... Discussion Rules Supplementary rules Nominations Reviewing guide Preps & Queues Removed hooks Archive Stats In the news Error reports Nominations Discussion Admin guide General criteria Death criteria Recurring items Awards Sports Discussion Archives Candidate archives Current events portal Current events portal for sports Discussion How the Current events portal works How to archive the portal Selected anniversaries Discussion Holidays and observances All Today's featured list Submissions Statistics Previously run lists Get involved Featured lists Criteria Candidates Log Task force Removal candidates Review list Log Former featured lists Picture of the day Guidelines Unused Archive Tomorrow Featured pictures Criteria Candidates Nomination procedure Featured topics Featured topics on the main page Candidates Log Nomination procedure Criteria Removal candidates Good topics Former featured topics Featured topic questions Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Recent_additions&oldid=1033157413" Hidden categories: Project pages with short description Wikipedia semi-protected project pages Wikipedia move-protected project pages Wikipedia Did you know archives Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version Languages Alemannisch ?????? ?????????????? ??????????????? (????????????????) Deutsch Español ??????? Français ??????? ????????? Bahasa Indonesia ?????????? Lëtzebuergesch Bahasa Melayu ???????? Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk Plattdüütsch Polski Português ?????????? ????? ?????? ????????? Simple English ??????? Svenska Tagalog ?????? ??????????/tatarça ????? Türkçe ?????????????? ????? ??? ???? Edit links This page was last edited on 12 July 2021, at 00:00 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement