Wikipedia:Did you know/DYKcheck - Wikipedia Wikipedia:Did you know/DYKcheck From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia < Wikipedia:Did you know Jump to navigation Jump to search This is part of the Learning DYK system Main Main page Site map One page Glossary Article New article Not exactly Fivefold explanation Meanies Article length DYKcheck Citation You knew this Nomination Sources for DYK articles Hook format length multiple articles Image Submission After nominating Other Proofreading Approval Preparation areas Lore v t e Main page: Wikipedia:Did you know/Article length Shortcuts WP:DYKSN WP:DYKCHECK If you have never submitted a Did You Know nomination before, you don't have to master DYKcheck. But maybe you should; DYKcheck automates prose character counting and some of our other rules, so you don't have to learn them. If you routinely approve hooks for others, you should install DYKcheck. If not, you can use DYKcheck without installing it. DYKcheck (or prosesizebytes, or prosesize, which give the same count) is the preferred method for counting characters in an article's prose, and usually carries the most weight at DYK, because it counts only the prose as defined by Did You Know rules, thus avoiding mistakes and providing an impartial settlement of disputed counting. Contents 1 Counting prose characters without DYKcheck 2 Using DYKcheck if you have a username 3 Using DYKcheck without installing it 4 Prosesizebytes 5 More information about DYKcheck Counting prose characters without DYKcheck[edit] You'll probably make a mistake trying to count this way, but you'll be close. Use a free website like this, or an external software program that has a character-counting feature. For example, if you are using Microsoft Word, select the text from the article page (or, in the case of "Did you know" nominations, the DYK talk page) ??? not the edit page containing Wikitext ??? then copy and paste it into a blank document. Delete everything DYKcheck doesn't count: infoboxes, categories, references, lists, tables, block quotes, headers, images and captions, the "See also" section if any, Table of Contents, edit buttons, "Citation needed" and similar superscripted text, and reference link numbers like [6]. Click "Tools" ("Review" in Office 2007), then "Word Count", and note the "Characters (with spaces)" figure. Other word processing programs may have a similar feature. For Mac users, Apple has a Word counter widget available for Mac OS X 10.4 or later. Note: The character counts indicated on "Revision history" pages are not accurate for DYK purposes as they include categories, infoboxes and similar text in articles, and comments and signatures in hooks on the suggestions page. Using DYKcheck if you have a username[edit] Copy the following phrase to your clipboard and then add the following phrase: importScript('User:Shubinator/DYKcheck.js'); //DYKcheck tool
 to your common.js page and save it. If you don't have a common.js yet, it will be created when you click on the red link to the left. If you do have a common.js page, the link to the left will be blue. In that case, click on the blue link and add the phrase to your common.js page. If you only wish to add DYKCheck to one particular skin, then go to your skin.js page and put that line in it. There will be a scary warning about malware, but it hasn't hurt me any. After saving, you have to bypass your browser's cache to see the changes. Mozilla/Safari: hold down Shift while clicking Reload (or press Ctrl-Shift-R), Internet Explorer: press Ctrl-F5, Opera/Konqueror: press F5. For other browsers, see Wikipedia:Bypass your cache. If you are on a Wikipedia page that starts with Wikipedia:, User:, Talk:, or anything with ":", go to a normal page like Dog. You should then see the words "DYK check" on the left side of your screen, assuming you use the default Wikipedia:Preferences. Go to the page you want to check and click "DYK check". The "Prose size (text only)" figure is the figure used by Did You Know. The text actually counted is colored yellow. If DYKcheck finds errors, they will be listed at the top of the page and colored red. The DYKCheck can take several seconds to compile the conclusion so watch for that. Using DYKcheck without installing it[edit] With or without a username, you can use the DYKcheck tool without installing it; just put this javascript:importScript('User:Shubinator/DYKcheck.js'); dykCheck(); into your URL and hit Enter when you're viewing a mainspace page. Prosesizebytes[edit] Prosesizebytes is similar to DYKcheck, but it only counts characters of prose without checking anything else. Experienced users use prosesizebytes anyway because it's a few seconds faster. Installing prosesizebytes, and using it with or without installing it, is about the same as for DYKcheck, but substitute the file name User:Dr pda/prosesizebytes.js instead of User:Shubinator/DYKcheck.js, and the button is labeled "Page size" instead of "DYK check". Or use the instructions at User talk:Dr pda/prosesizebytes.js. More information about DYKcheck[edit] See User:Shubinator/DYKcheck. Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Did_you_know/DYKcheck&oldid=1031750575" Categories: Wikipedia Did you know rules Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Print/export Download as PDF Printable version Languages Add links This page was last edited on 3 July 2021, at 12:10 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement