Wikipedia:Did you know/Approval - Wikipedia Wikipedia:Did you know/Approval From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia < Wikipedia:Did you know Jump to navigation Jump to search This is part of the Learning DYK system Main Main page Site map One page Glossary Article New article Not exactly Fivefold explanation Meanies Article length DYKcheck Citation You knew this Nomination Sources for DYK articles Hook format length multiple articles Image Submission After nominating Other Proofreading Approval Preparation areas Lore v t e Main page: Wikipedia:Did you know/Learning DYK Shortcut WP:DYKBN First-time reviewers may find the DYK reviewing guide helpful. B1:Approval is verifying that all the rules of articles and nominations have been followed, while recognizing that no list of rules can cover everything. The nominations to approve are found at T:TDYK. DYKcheck is intended to automate some of this verifying. B2: You don't have to be an administrator or a Did You Know regular to approve or disapprove a nomination. Of course the judgments of regulars are less likely to be challenged. B3: You are not allowed to approve your own hook or article. B4: At the suggestions page, what do "length, date, and ref verified" and its synonyms mean? Roughly speaking, "Length" (synonyms "size", "article length") means article length; "date" (synonym "history") means new article, and "ref" (synonyms "reference", "source") means citations. "AGF" or "good faith" (referring to Wikipedia:Assume good faith) means that the approver didn't read the reference (it wasn't on the Internet, or it wasn't in English, or a fee was required). Contents 1 Symbols 2 Pick a nomination to review 3 Review the article(s) 4 Review the hook 4.1 If there is an image 5 Finishing the review 6 Resources Symbols[edit] B5: If you want to confirm that an article is ready to be placed on a later update, or that there is an issue with the article or hook, you may use the following symbols (optional) to point the issues out. The first two, and the last one, are almost always used when finally verifying or rejecting a hook, because these are what DYK volunteers look for when they are looking for hooks to prepare a new update, or clearing out rejected hooks. Within the context of Wikipedia's "Did you know..." (DYK) project, reviewing refers specifically to the process by which a nominated hook and the associated article(s) are evaluated, improved, and eventually either rejected as irreparably unusable or approved. This page is intended as a guide to aid editors in the reviewing process. Keep in mind that, in the end, Did You Know approval is a subjective process. No amount of studying rules, almost-rules and precedents will guarantee approval, nor will violating any rule guarantee disapproval. (D13) For your first several reviews, you may want to exercise extra caution. Consider reviewing in topics with which you are familiar. Consider reviewing articles that have sources in your primary language(s). When you leave your review, add a comment explaining that you are a new reviewer and would like a second opinion. Pick a nomination to review[edit] Nominations are listed at Template talk:Did you know. On that page, the nominations are generally arranged in chronological order, with the oldest nominations at the top of the page. It is best if you start with one of the older unreviewed nominations. Review the article(s)[edit] To qualify for DYK, an article needs to meet several special criteria, in addition to being checked for normal encyclopedic issues. The fact that an article has been accepted as a Good article should not be considered an assumption that the article meets these criteria. Check that within the past seven days, the article either: was created (ie a new article); had its readable prose expanded at least fivefold; was listed as a good article. The DYKcheck tool is helpful in evaluating this, or if you want to figure it out yourself, detailed instructions are here. Older articles or expansions can be allowed. If a new article incorporates text copied from another Wikipedia article, then it must be expanded fivefold as if the copied text had been a pre-existing article. Fivefold expansion means at least five times as much prose as the previously existing article, no matter how bad it was (copyvios are the only exception), no matter whether any of it was kept, and no matter if it was up for deletion. This may be a bad surprise to nominators, but we don't have enough time and volunteers to reach consensus on the quality of each previous article. Check that the article hasn't been featured on the Main Page's In the news section and hasn't previously appeared as a "qualifying article" in an earlier DYK. (Articles that have been only linked from ITN or DYK, without being the qualifying article, linked and bolded, are eligible.) Check that the article is long enough. Articles must contain at least 1,500 characters of readable prose. In addition to at least 1,500 characters of readable prose, the article must not be a stub. This requires a judgement call, since there is no mechanical stub definition (see the Croughton-London rule). If an article is, in fact, a stub, you should temporarily reject the nomination; if the article is not a stub, ensure that it is correctly marked as a non-stub, by removing any stub template(s) in the article, and changing any talk-page assessments to start-class or higher. Check that the article contains appropriate citations. The hook fact(s) must be stated in the article, and must be immediately followed by an inline citation to a reliable source. This rule applies even when a citation would not be required for the purposes of the article. The article in general should use inline cited sources. A rule of thumb for DYK is a minimum of one citation per paragraph, possibly excluding the introduction, plot summaries, and paragraphs which summarize information that's cited elsewhere. Sources must be properly labelled in a References (or similar section), not as "External links". References may not have bare URLs such as [1] or http://example.com Any direct quotation must be marked as such (generally using quotation marks for short quotes and blockquote for longer quotes) and cited to a reliable source. Do not assume that any criteria are met based on the fact that the article is a good article. If the article is entirely or substantially sourced to offline, foreign-language or paywalled sources, verify the basic facts, or at the very least, the existence of the article subject. Check the article to make sure there are no dispute templates. Any such issues need to be resolved before the article is used for DYK. Also, check the recent edit history to make sure that there wasn't a dispute template that was removed without fixing the problem. A list can be found at WP:DISPUTETAG. An orphan tag is not a dispute tag, and not a validation for rejecting or holding up a nomination. If the article includes information about living individuals, make sure it does not violate Wikipedia's policy on biographies of living people. This applies even if the article subject is not a living person. Check that the article does not contain plagiarism or close paraphrasing. The Earwig tool can be helpful for this. Consider whether the article deals with the subject in a neutral manner. DYK nominations for articles at WP:AfD should be held pending the outcome of the deletion discussion. If the article is retained, the DYK nomination can proceed, and of course, if deleted, the DYK nomination must be rejected. Special occasion hold requests Articles intended to be held for special occasion dates should be nominated within seven days of creation, start of expansion, or promotion to Good Article status. The nomination should be made between at least one week prior to the occasion date, to allow time for reviews and promotions through the prep and queue sets, but not more than six weeks in advance. The proposed occasion must be deemed sufficiently special by reviewers. The timeline limitations, including the six week maximum, may be waived by consensus, if a request is made at WT:DYK, but requests are not always successful. Discussion clarifying the hold criteria can be found here: [2]; discussion setting the six week limit can be found here: [3]. April Fools' Day hooks are exempted from the timeline limit; see Wikipedia:April Fool's Main Page/Did You Know. Review the hook[edit] Assuming that you have a qualifying article, it's now time to review all the hooks, including any ALT hooks that have been suggested. Check that the hook is properly formatted. If there are formatting problems, you can probably fix them yourself. Check that the hook is short enough. If it's just a bit too long and you can shorten it with a minor change, do it yourself. If shortening the hook would require a more significant change, note the problem. You can also suggest an alternate (ALT) hook that is shorter. Just remember that you shouldn't then approve your own ALT hook. Consider whether there might be neutrality problems. If there is a problem, consider suggesting a more neutral ALT hook. Consider very carefully whether the hook puts undue emphasis on a negative aspect of a living individual. Err on the side of caution, and when in doubt, suggest an ALT hook. Consider whether the hook is "hooky". Try to avoid hooks that take the form of "... that X is Y?" Interesting hooks will often include one or more of the following: An unlikely juxtaposition. (Example: ... that American football safety Jordan Kovacs went from being a walk-on to being the second leading tackler in the Big Ten Conference?) An unusual nickname. (Example: ... American country blues singer Lottie Kimbrough was nicknamed "the Kansas City Butterball"?) A superlative or record. (Example: ... that with a leg-span of 30 centimetres (12 inches), the giant huntsman is one of the world's largest spiders?) A tease, giving only part of the relevant information. (Example: ... that the discovery of geometrical body Gömböc in 2006 helped understanding the body shape of turtles?) Review all proposed hooks for the article(s). If you are unable to approve all hooks, be clear about which is/are acceptable and which is/are not. Consider striking through (like this) any rejected hooks to make it clear that they should not be used. If there is an image[edit] If there is an image to go with the hook, you will need to do a little extra checking on it. Make sure the image is free of any copyright restrictions. Fair-use images are not permitted for DYK. Check that the image appears in the article. Ensure the image has an alt text useful to those with visual impairments, if necessary, per WP:ALTTEXT. Consider the relevance of the image to the article and to the hook. Consider the quality of the image, and its clarity at 100 by 100 pixels, the size at which DYK images appear on the Main Page. Finishing the review[edit] After evaluating both the hook and the nominated article, check the nominator has reviewed another DYK nomination under the quid pro quo (QPQ) rules (WP:DYKSG#H4), and make sure that review adequately covers all of the DYK criteria just as yours will do. A QPQ review is not a requirement if its nominator has fewer than five DYK credits (whether or not self-nominated). If this is a multi-article nomination, then H4 rules apply. If in doubt about the number of previous nominations, look for edits giving DYK credit on the nominator's talk page (possibly using DYKUpdateBot). Note that not all nominations are credited in this way and the bot also credits DYK creations and expansions, not just nominations. If in doubt, ask as part of your review process. Type your review in the section for that nomination. You should begin your review with one of the five DYK review icons. This allows the nominator and other editors to more quickly understand your review decision, including the severity of any problems. It is also used by the bot to keep the tally of how many hooks have been passed. After posting the icon, indicate all aspects of the article that you have reviewed; your comment should look something like the following: Article length and age are fine, no copyvio or plagiarism concerns, reliable sources are used. But the hook needs to be shortened. Be sure to give a thorough explanation of any problems or concerns you have, since several other editors may comment on the nomination before you return. Symbol Code DYK Ready? Description {{subst:DYKtick}} Yes No problems, ready for DYK {{subst:DYKtickAGF}} Yes Article is ready for DYK, with a foreign-language, offline or paywalled hook reference accepted in good faith {{subst:DYK?}} Query DYK eligibility requires that an issue be addressed. Notify nominator with {{subst:DYKproblem|Article}} {{subst:DYK?no}} Maybe DYK eligibility requires additional work. Notify nominator with {{subst:DYKproblem|Article}} {{subst:DYKno}} No Article is either completely ineligible, or else requires considerable work before becoming eligible. Notify nominator with {{subst:DYKproblem|Article}} If the outcome of your review is anything other than an approval ( or ), please consider notifying the article nominator(s); you can do this with a personal message on their talk page or by placing {{subst:DYKproblem|Article|header=yes|sig=yes}} there, replacing Article with the title of the nominated article. This will automatically create a new talk page section and will automatically append your signature, so there is no need to do either of those. The icon ??? coded as {{subst:DYK?again}} ??? may be used by creators and nominators to indicate that a nomination that previously had a problem is ready to be reviewed again after changes were made to resolve the issues identified. An article cannot be officially promoted until a reviewer has given his/ her approval ( or ) to at least one of the article's hooks. Nominators are encouraged to work with reviewers to come up with hooks that meet the standards of the DYK process, and new alternate hooks can be proposed by anyone (nominator, reviewer, other third party) in an effort to produce at least one viable hook. Once a reviewer has conducted a thorough review of the nomination and given his/ her approval by placing the requisite symbol on the discussion page along with a statement indicating which hooks are ready, and if no other reviewer subsequently disagrees with this assessment, an uninvolved editor will soon review the discussion and likely close it and promote the article. If the article does not qualify for DYK () for some technical reason or if the participants cannot agree on at least one viable hook, the discussion will eventually be closed by an uninvolved editor and the article will not be promoted. Resources[edit] Wikipedia:Did you know/Onepage lists current DYK rules all in one place. It comprises many subpages transcluded onto a single page, so if you need to refer another editor to a specific item, it may be helpful to link to the specific subpage rather than the full listing. Template:DYKrule is a handy template for linking directly to a specific rule. DYKcheck is a JavaScript tool created and maintained by Shubinator that many editors find helpful in checking an article for DYK eligibility. Duplication Detector is a tool to help check for plagiarism/copyright infringements. {{DYK checklist}} is an easy-to-use checklist that helps with reviewing DYK nominations. v t e Main Page and featured content Main Page topics Errors Administrator instructions Main Page alternatives FAQ Editing Design Queue Yesterday Tomorrow History Wikipedia languages Sister projects Sandbox April Fools' Day Don't delete! Today's featured article Requests Pending requests Recent Oddities Most viewed Not yet used Featured articles Criteria Candidates Log Review Archive Statistics Former featured articles Unreviewed Did you know... Discussion Rules Supplementary rules Nominations Reviewing guide Preps & Queues Removed hooks Archive Stats In the news Error reports Nominations Discussion Admin guide General criteria Death criteria Recurring items Awards Sports Discussion Archives Candidate archives Current events portal Current events portal for sports Discussion How the Current events portal works How to archive the portal Selected anniversaries Discussion Holidays and observances All Today's featured list Submissions Statistics Previously run lists Get involved Featured lists Criteria Candidates Log Task force Removal candidates Review list Log Former featured lists Picture of the day Guidelines Unused Archive Tomorrow Featured pictures Criteria Candidates Nomination procedure Featured topics Featured topics on the main page Candidates Log Nomination procedure Criteria Removal candidates Good topics Former featured topics Featured topic questions Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Did_you_know/Approval&oldid=1031750177" Categories: Wikipedia Did you know rules Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Print/export Download as PDF Printable version Languages Add links This page was last edited on 3 July 2021, at 12:06 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement