Wikipedia:Essays - Wikipedia Wikipedia:Essays From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search "WP:ESSAY" redirects here. For the Wikipedia policy on personal essays as articles, see WP:NOTESSAY. For the WikiProject on Wikipedia essays, see WP:WikiProject Essays. This is an explanatory supplement to the policy on essays. This page is intended to provide additional information about concepts in the page(s) it supplements. This page is not one of Wikipedia's policies or guidelines, as it has not been thoroughly vetted by the community. Shortcuts WP:ESSAY WP:ESSAYS Wikipedia essays Essays vs policy Value of essays Don't cite essays as policy Essay writing guide Avoiding redundant essays Quoting your essay Essay directory Essays in a nutshell Essays by categories WikiProject Essays v t e Essays, as used by Wikipedia editors, typically contain advice or opinions of one or more Wikipedia contributors. The purpose of an essay is to aid or comment on the encyclopedia but not on any unrelated causes. Essays have no official status, and do not speak for the Wikipedia community as they may be created and edited without overall community oversight. Following the instructions or advice given in an essay is optional. Generally soft advice belongs in an essay, thus avoiding instruction creep in Wikipedia's official protocols. There are currently about 2,000 essays on a wide range of Wikipedia-related topics. Contents 1 About essays 1.1 Types of essays 1.1.1 Wikipedia namespace essays 1.1.1.1 How to and information pages 1.1.1.2 WikiProject advice pages 1.1.2 User essays 1.1.3 Historical essays 2 Creation and modification of essays 3 Finding essays 4 Data 5 Notes About essays Although essays are not policies or guidelines, many are worthy of consideration. Policies and guidelines cannot cover all circumstances. Consequently many essays serve as interpretations of or commentary on perceived community norms for specific topics and situations. The value of an essay should be understood in context, using common sense and discretion. Essays can be written by anyone and can be long monologues or short theses, serious or humorous. Essays may represent widespread norms or minority viewpoints. An essay, as well as being useful, can potentially be a divisive means of espousing a point of view. Although an essay should not be used to create an alternative rule set, the Wikipedia community has historically tolerated a wide range of Wikipedia related subjects and viewpoints on user pages. The difference between policies, guidelines, and some essays on Wikipedia may be obscure. Essays vary in popularity and how much they are followed and referred to. Editors should defer to official policies or guidelines when essays, information pages or template documentation pages are inconsistent with established community standards and principles. Avoid "quoting" essays as though they are policy???including this explanatory supplement page. Essays, information pages and template documentation pages can be written without much???if any???debate, as opposed to Wikipedia policies that have been thoroughly vetted by the community (see WP:Local consensus for details). In Wikipedia discussions, editors may refer to essays provided that they do not hold them out as general consensus or policy. Proposals for new guidelines and policies require discussion and a high level of consensus from the entire community for promotion. See Wikipedia:How to contribute to Wikipedia guidance and Wikipedia:Policy writing is hard for more information. Essays are located in the Wikipedia namespace (e.g., Wikipedia:Reasonability rule) and in User namespaces (e.g., User:Jimbo Wales/Statement of principles). The Help namespace contains pages which provide factual (usually technical) information on using Wikipedia and its software (see below). The {{Essay}}-family templates (with several variants like {{Notability essay}} and {{WikiProject advice}}), versus the {{Guideline}} (and variants, like {{MoS guideline}}) and {{Policy}} templates give an indication of a page's status within the community. Some essays at one time were proposed policies or guidelines, but they could not gain consensus overall; as indicated by the template {{Failed proposal}}. Other essays that at one time had consensus, but are no longer relevant, are tagged with the template {{Historical}}. Essays currently nominated for policy status are indicated by the banner {{Proposed}}. See Wikipedia:Template messages/Wikipedia namespace for a listing of namespace banners. Types of essays Wikipedia namespace essays Further information: Wikipedia:Project namespace § Essay pages Essays in the Wikipedia namespace ??? which are never to be put in the main (encyclopedia article) namespace ??? typically address some aspect of working in Wikipedia. They have not been formally adopted as guidelines or policies by the community at large, but typically edited by the community. Some are widely accepted as part of the Wikipedia gestalt, and have a significant degree of influence during discussions (like "guideline supplements" WP:Tendentious editing, WP:Bold, revert, discuss cycle, and WP:Competence is required). Many essays, however, are obscure, single-author pieces. Essays may be moved into userspace as user essays (see below), or even deleted, if they are found to be problematic.[1] Occasionally, even longstanding, community-edited essays may be removed or radically revised if community norms shift.[2] See also: Category:Wikipedia essays See also: Category:High-impact WikiProject Wikipedia essays pages How to and information pages Further information: Wikipedia:Information pages Wikipedia's how-to and information pages are typically edited by the community and can also be found in the help namespace. They generally provide technical and factual information about Wikipedia or supplement guidelines and policies in greater detail. Where "essay pages" often offer advice or opinions through viewpoints, information pages are intended to clarity and explain current community practices in an impartial way (e.g., Wikipedia:Administration). See also: Category:Wikipedia information pages and Category:Wikipedia how-to WikiProject advice pages Further information: Wikipedia:WikiProject Council/Guide § Advice pages WikiProjects are groups of editors who like working together. Advice pages written by these groups are formally considered the same as pages written by anyone else, that is, they are essays unless and until they have been formally adopted as community-wide guidelines or policies. WikiProjects are encouraged to write essays explaining how the community's policies and guidelines should be applied to their areas of interest and expertise (e.g., Wikipedia:WikiProject Bibliographies#Recommended structure). See also: Category:WikiProjects User essays Further information: Wikipedia:User pages Shortcut WP:USERESSAY According to Wikipedia policy, "Essays that the author does not want others to edit, or that are found to contradict widespread consensus, belong in the user namespace." These are similar to essays placed in the Wikipedia namespace; however, they are often authored/edited by only one person, and may represent a strictly personal viewpoint about Wikipedia or its processes (e.g., User:Jehochman/Responding to rudeness). Some of them are widely respected by other editors, and even occasionally have an effect on policy (e.g., the WP:General notability guideline originated in a user essay). Writings that contradict policy are somewhat tolerated within the User namespace. The author of a personal essay located in their user space has the prerogative to revert any changes made to it by any other user, within reason. Polemics against particular people, or against Wikipedia itself, are generally just deleted, as unconstructive or disruptive. See also: Category:User essays Historical essays The Wikimedia Foundation's Meta-wiki was envisioned as the original place for editors to comment on and discuss Wikipedia, although the "Wikipedia" project space has since taken over most of that role. Many historical essays can still be found at Meta.Wikimedia.org. See also: Meta:Category:Essays Creation and modification of essays Main page: Wikipedia:Wikipedia essays See also: Wikipedia:Project namespace § Creating new project pages, Wikipedia:Project namespace § Deletion of project pages, and Wikipedia:Content forking/Internal § Essay forks Before creating an essay, it is a good idea to check if similar essays already exist. Although there is no guideline or policy that explicitly prohibits it, writing redundant essays is discouraged. Avoid creating essays just to prove a point or game the system. Essays that violate one or more Wikipedia policies, such as spam, personal attacks, copyright violations, or what Wikipedia is not tend to get deleted or transferred to user space. You do not have to have created an essay to improve it. If an essay already exists, you can add to, remove from, or modify it as you wish, provided that you use good judgment. However, essays placed in the User: namespace are often???though not always???meant to represent the viewpoint of one user only. You should usually not substantively edit someone else's user essay without permission. To be on the safe side, discuss any edits not covered by REFACTOR and MINOR before making them. If the original author is no longer active or available, seek consensus on the essay's talk page (other editors who have worked on the essay are likely to care about it), or just write a new one. Finding essays Wikipedia:Essay directory lists about 800 essays to allow searching for key words or terms with your browser. The gist of user-written essays can be found at Wikipedia:Essays in a nutshell. Essays can also be navigated via categories, the navigation template (as seen below), or Special:Search (as seen below; include the words "Wikipedia essays" with your other search-words). Data Wikipedia:list of essays sorted by score Notes ^ Miscellany for deletion (WP:MFD) is one process that can be used by Wikipedians to decide what should be done with problematic pages in the namespaces which aren't covered by other specialized deletion discussion areas. Items sent here are usually discussed for seven days; then they are either deleted by an administrator or kept (sometimes with modifications, which may include moving or merging), based on community consensus as evident from the discussion, consistent with policy, and with careful judgment of the rough consensus if required. Pages which are not specifically being posted for deletion can also be moved through the requested moves (WP:RM) process. ^ Two examples are "WP:Don't be a dick" and "WP:Don't feed the divas", replaced by the heavily revised WP:Don't be a jerk and WP:Don't be high-maintenance, respectively, after too many incivility complaints. Conversely, an attempt to replace the rather stern WP:Give 'em enough rope with a much more mild-toned "WP:Let the tiger show its stripes" was rejected by consensus, and the latter eventually deleted as redundant. Some essays, like WP:Advice for hotheads, are intentionally written with such history in mind, and are worded to not offend and to advise against using them in attempts to offend. v t e Wikipedia essays Essays on building, editing, and deleting content Philosophy Articles must be written All Five Pillars are the same height Avoid vague introductions Be a reliable source Civil POV pushing Cohesion Competence is required Concede lost arguments Dissent is not disloyalty Don't lie Don't search for objections Editing Wikipedia is like visiting a foreign country Editors will sometimes be wrong Eight simple rules for editing our encyclopedia Explanationism External criticism of Wikipedia Here to build an encyclopedia Most ideas are bad Need Neutrality of sources Not editing because of Wikipedia restriction The one question Oversimplification Paradoxes Paraphrasing POV and OR from editors, sources, and fields Process is important Product, process, policy Purpose Reasonability rule Systemic bias There is no seniority Ten Simple Rules for Editing Wikipedia Tendentious editing The role of policies in collaborative anarchy The rules are principles Trifecta Wikipedia in brief Wikipedia is an encyclopedia Wikipedia is a community Construction 100K featured articles Acronym overkill Advanced source searching Adding images improves the encyclopedia Advanced article editing Advanced table formatting Advanced template coding Advanced text formatting Alternatives to the "Expand" template Amnesia test A navbox on every page An unfinished house is a real problem Articles have a half-life Autosizing images Avoid mission statements Bare URLs Be neutral in form Beef up that first revision Blind men and an elephant BOLD, revert, discuss cycle Build content to endure Cherrypicking Chesterton's fence Children's lit, adult new readers, & large-print books Citation overkill Citation underkill Common-style fallacy Concept cloud Creating controversial content Criticisms of society may be consistent with NPOV and reliability Deprecated sources Dictionaries as sources Don't demolish the house while it's still being built Don't get hung up on minor details Don't hope the house will build itself Don't panic Don't revert due solely to "no consensus" Don't teach the controversy Editing on mobile devices Editors are not mindreaders Encourage the newcomers Endorsements (commercial) Featured articles may have problems Fruit of the poisonous tree Give an article a chance Identifying and using independent sources History sources Law sources Primary sources Science sources Style guides Tertiary sources Ignore STRONGNAT for date formats Inaccuracies in Wikipedia namespace Inaccuracy Introduction to structurism Link rot Mine a source Merge Test Minors and persons judged incompetent "Murder of" articles Not every story/event/disaster needs a biography Not everything needs a navbox Not everything needs a WikiProject Nothing is in stone Organizing disambiguation pages by subject area Permastub Potential, not just current state Principle of some astonishment Printability Pruning article revisions Publicists Put a little effort into it Restoring part of a reverted edit Robotic editing Sham consensus Specialized-style fallacy Stub Makers Run an edit-a-thon Temporary versions of articles Tertiary-source fallacy There is a deadline There is no deadline The deadline is now Understanding Wikipedia's content standards Walled garden What an article should not include Wikipedia is a work in progress Wikipedia is not a reliable source Wikipedia is not being written in an organized fashion The world will not end tomorrow Write the article first Writing better articles Writing Avoid thread mode Gender-neutral language Proseline Use feminine pronouns Write the article first Writing about women Writing better articles Deletion Adjectives in your recommendations AfD is not a war zone Arguments to avoid in deletion discussions Arguments to avoid in deletion reviews Arguments to avoid in image deletion discussions Arguments to make in deletion discussions Avoid repeated arguments Before commenting in a deletion discussion But there must be sources! Confusing arguments mean nothing Content removal Counting and sorting are not original research Delete the junk Does deletion help? Don't confuse stub status with non-notability Don't overuse shortcuts to policy and guidelines to win your argument Follow the leader How to save an article proposed for deletion I just don't like it Identifying blatant advertising Identifying test edits Immunity Keep it concise Liar liar pants on fire Nothing Nothing is clear Overzealous deletion Relisting can be abusive Relist bias The Heymann Standard Unopposed AFD discussion Wikipedia is not Whack-A-Mole Why was the page I created deleted? What to do if your article gets tagged for speedy deletion When in doubt, hide it in the woodwork No Encyclopedic Use Essays on civility The basics Accepting other users Apology Contributing to complicated discussions Divisiveness Edit at your own pace Encouraging the newcomers Enjoy yourself Expect no thanks High-functioning autism and Asperger's editors How to be civil Maintaining a friendly space Negotiation Obsessive???compulsive disorder editors Relationships with academic editors Thank you Too long; didn't read Truce Unblock perspectives Philosophy A weak personal attack is still wrong Advice for hotheads An uncivil environment is a poor environment Be the glue Beware of the tigers! Civility warnings Deletion as revenge Failure Forgive and forget It's not the end of the world Nobody cares Most people who disagree with you on content are not vandals Old-fashioned Wikipedian values Profanity, civility, and discussions Revert notification opt-out Shadowless Fists of Death! Staying cool when the editing gets hot The grey zone The last word There is no Divine Right Of Editors Most ideas are bad Nothing is clear The rules of polite discourse There is no common sense Two wrongs don't make a right Wikipedia is not about winning Writing for the opponent Reader Dos Argue better Assume good faith Assume the assumption of good faith Assume no clue Avoid personal remarks Avoid the word "vandal" Be excellent to one another Beyond civility Call a spade a spade Candor Deny recognition Desist Discussing cruft Drop the stick and back slowly away from the horse carcass Encourage full discussions Get over it How to lose Imagine others complexly Just drop it Keep it down to earth Mind your own business Say "MOBY" No Nazis Read before commenting Settle the process first Don'ts ALPHABETTISPAGHETTI Civil POV pushing Cyberbullying Don't accuse someone of a personal attack for accusing of a personal attack Don't be a fanatic Don't be a jerk Don't be an ostrich Don't be ashamed Don't be a WikiBigot Don't be high-maintenance Don't be inconsiderate Don't be obnoxious Don't be prejudiced Don't be rude Don't be the Fun Police Don't bludgeon the process Don't call a spade a spade Don't call the kettle black Don't call things cruft Don't come down like a ton of bricks Don't cry COI Don't demand that editors solve the problems they identify Don't drink the consensus Kool-Aid Don't eat the troll's food Don't fight fire with fire Don't give a fuck Don't help too much Don't make a smarmy valediction part of your signature Don't remind others of past misdeeds Don't shout Don't spite your face Don't take the bait Don't template the regulars Don't throw your toys out of the pram Do not insult the vandals Griefing Nationalist editing No angry mastodons just madmen No, you can't have a pony Passive aggression Please don't bite the newcomers POV railroad There are no oracles You can't squeeze blood from a turnip WikiRelations WikiBullying WikiCrime WikiHarassment WikiHate WikiLawyering WikiLove WikiPeace Essays on notability Advanced source searching All high schools can be notable Alternative outlets Arguments to avoid in deletion discussions Articles with a single source Avoid template creep Bare notability Big events make key participants notable Bombardment Businesses with a single location But it's true! Citation overkill Common sourcing mistakes Clones Coatrack Discriminate vs indiscriminate information Drafts are not checked for notability or sanity Every snowflake is unique Existence ??? Notability Existence does not prove notability Extracting the meaning of significant coverage Fart Google searches and numbers High Schools Inclusion is not an indicator of notability Independent sources Inherent notability Insignificant Masking the lack of notability Make stubs News coverage does not decrease notability No amount of editing can overcome a lack of notability No big loss No one cares about your garage band No one really cares Notability/Historical/Arguments Notability cannot be purchased Notability comparison test Notability is not a level playing field Notability is not a matter of opinion Notability is not relevance or reliability Notability means impact Notability points Notability sub-pages Notabilitymandering Not every single thing Donald Trump does deserves an article Obscurity ??? Lack of notability Offline sources One hundred words One sentence does not an article make Other stuff exists Overreliance upon Google Perennial websites Pokémon test Read the source Run-of-the-mill Significant coverage not required Solutions are mixtures and nothing else Subjective importance Third-party sources Trivial mentions Video links Vanispamcruftisement What BLP1E is not What is and is not routine coverage What notability is not What to include Wikipedia is not here to tell the world about your noble cause Humorous essays Anti-Wikipedian Asshole John rule Assume bad faith Assume faith Assume good wraith Assume stupidity Assume that everyone's assuming good faith, assuming that you are assuming good faith Avoid using preview button Avoid using wikilinks Bad Jokes and Other Deleted Nonsense BOLD, revert, revert, revert Boston Tea Party Barnstaritis Don't stuff beans up your nose Don't-give-a-fuckism Edits Per Day Editsummarisis Emerson Seven Ages of Editor, by Will E. Spear-Shake Go ahead, vandalize How many Wikipedians does it take to change a lightbulb? How to put up a straight pole by pushing it at an angle Is that even an essay? Newcomers are delicious, so go ahead and bite them Legal vandalism LTTAUTMAOK No climbing the Reichstag dressed as Spider-Man Oops Defense Please be a giant dick, so we can ban you Please bite the newbies R-e-s-p-e-c-t Reducing consensus to an algorithm Requests for medication Requirements for adminship Rouge admin Rouge editor Sarcasm is really helpful Sausages for tasting The Night Before Wikimas The first rule of Wikipedia The Five Pillars of Untruth Things that should not be surprising The WikiBible Watchlistitis Why not create an account? You don't have to be mad to work here, but About essays About essays Essay guide Value of essays Difference between policies, guidelines and essays Don't cite essays as if they were policy Avoid writing redundant essays Finding an essay Quote your own essay Policies and guidelines About policies and guidelines Policies Guidelines How to contribute to Wikipedia guidance Policy writing is hard v t e User essays User essays on BLP User:DGG/bios User:Doc glasgow/The BLP problem User:JoshuaZ/Thoughts on BLP User:Kirill Lokshin/Professionalism User:Lulu of the Lotus-Eaters/Academic and artistic biographies User:This is Paul/Articles concerning criminal acts User:Mattinbgn/BLP considerations User:SirFozzie/BLP-Lock User:Steve Smith/Semi-protection of BLPs User essays on deletion User:Mangojuice/Administrators are not slaves User:AleatoryPonderings/Systemic bias in deletion discussions User:Angela/Deletion User:Aspening/Just because something is unflattering doesn't mean it should be deleted User:Balloonman/CSD A1 survey User:Balloonman/CSD A7 survey User:Balloonman/CSD G1 survey User:Balloonman/CSD G10 survey User:Bibliomaniac15/A guide to closing CFD User:Buddy431/AFD isn't cleanup User:The Bushranger/Don't move articles at AfD User:Spartaz/Closing AFDs User:Champion/Deletion is cheap User:Northamerica1000/Churnalism User:Davidwr/Choosing SPEEDY, PROD, or AFD deletion User:Davidwr/Deleting GA+ articles User:Eire2020/WP:On the subject of deletionism User:Elaragirl/Deletionism User:Emmette Hernandez Coleman/Deleting redirects to facilitate searching User:Fl/Reports/RevisionDelete User:Geo Swan/opinions/editing Fahd al Jutayli while before Afd User:Ginkgo100/AFD philosophy User:Ginkgo100/Speedy deletions User:Graymornings/Have a heart User:Hellboy2hell/Delete User:Hiding/Points to note regarding deletion debates User:Hijiri88/Don't call other editors "deletionists" User:Hijiri88/Don't call yourself or others "inclusionists" User:HowardBGolden/Abuse of the General Notability Guideline in Deletion Discussions User:Isomorphic/Essays/Deletionism User:Jh12/School articles and deletion User:K50 Dude/Essay on Speedy Deletion User:KGirlTrucker81/What G1 isn't User:Lenticel/Deletion isn't Evil User:Livitup/Deletion FAQ User:Martijn Hoekstra/what is AfD User:MBisanz/AfD User:Mike Cline/Archimedes was deleted User:Mike Cline/The Inclusionist's Guide To Deletion Debates User:Modernponderer/On deletion User:Mr.Z-man/on fixing CSD User:NawlinWiki/List of things that will get speedily deleted User:NeoFreak/Essays/Deletionism User:Northamerica1000/Eager to delete User:SMcCandlish/Notability and Deletion policy User:Puzzledvegetable/DINC alone is not a reason to keep User:RileyBugz/G11 and drafts User:Ritchie333/Plain and simple guide to A7 User:Ritchie333/The Dumpy test User:Robofish/Thoughts on inclusionism and deletionism User:RoySmith/Three best sources User:Sebwite/Mock Afd Series User:Simon Dodd/Some AFD considerations User:Seraphimblade/Deletion FAQ User:Shereth/Deletionism User:SoWhy/Before tagging for speedy deletion User:SoWhy/Ten Commandments for Speedy Deletion User:Spartaz/Rescuing Deleted Content User:Stifle/Delete unless cleaned up User:Syrenka V/Protection not deletion User:Terrariola/Delete the junk User:The Cunctator/Deletionism User:Tisane/Allow viewing of deleted articles User:Tisane/Don't delete users' résumés User:Tothwolf/rescued essays/AfD: formula for conflict User:Ultraexactzz/Sorting Deletion Debates User:Ultraexactzz/Time-delayed Speedy Deletion User:Vanished user 909146283013/Follow the WP:EPISODE guideline and make AfD easier for articles that don't User:Vermont/essay/AfD Filibuster User:ViperSnake151/Wikipedia:Criteria for speedy deletion (Human Readable Version) User:Yunshui/Deletion for beginners User essays on dispute resolution User:AGK/Arbitration and content User:Alexia Death/Community Court for community issues User:ASCIIn2Bme/Verifiability and plagiarism are the hammer and anvil of astute wikilawyers User:ASCIIn2Bme/What "no consensus" really means User:GTBacchus/A recurring problem User:Jnc/Astronomer vs Amateur User:Beeblebrox/The perfect policy proposal User:SMcCandlish/Discretionary sanctions 2013???2018 review User:Guy Macon/One against many User:Mendaliv/Dispute advice User:Orlady/Getting your way at Wikipedia User:Robert McClenon/Crisis User:RGloucester/Sanctions User:Skomorokh/First rule User:The Bushranger/Lob a grenade and run away Wikipedia:Unblockables User:AGK/AE improvements User:Vincentvikram/Always keep context in mind when arguing claims User essays on notability User:HowardBGolden/Abuse of the General Notability Guideline in Deletion Discussions User:Philtweir/Academic communities articles and notability User:Robert McClenon/Acceptance of Biographies User:Alex Noble/AFC is about notability User:Masem/Alternate Take on Notability User:Chrislk02/anarticleaboutaschoolthatcantfindagermanteacherisnotnotable User:ReaderofthePack/Author notability User:Gryllida/BiographyNotability User:Czarkoff/essays/Businesses are rarely notable User:Northamerica1000/Churnalism User:ReaderofthePack/Common notability arguments User:Lagrange613/Coverage is not notability User:Bahamut0013/deletion User:Rhododendrites/Don't assume lasting significance for crime articles User:MalwareSmarts/Don't confuse non-notability with a hoax User:Basket of Puppies/Editorials User:Anon126/Explaining notability to newcomers User:AliveFreeHappy/Notability (firearms) User:League Octopus/Club notability tables (and test) User:ArsenalFan700/Indian Football Notability User:Allstarecho/Fuglies are not notable User:Phil Sandifer/History of notability User:Mike Cline/Imagining a new way to look at the question of Notability User:Davidwr/Inherent Notability as a slang term User:Robert McClenon/Internet celebrities User:Joe Decker/IsThisNotable User:Trackinfo/sandbox/NHSL User:Brainy J/No Exceptions to Notability User:Davidwr/No topic deserves to be in Wikipedia User:Soumya-8974/Not every single thing a state leader does deserves an article User:Esquivalience/Notability User:Glades12/Notability is temporary User:Herostratus/"Notable people" sections User:Uncle G/On notability User:PorkchopGMX/Popularity doesn???t always equal notability User:RoySmith/essays/Presumption of Notability User:Geo Swan/Evaluating notability for lesser prizes and awards User:RoySmith/Three best sources User:Esquivalience/Essay on notability User:Fleets/RLN User:Fleets/sandboxWPRL notability User:Moray An Par/b User:ReaderofthePack/YouTube notability User:Seraphimblade/sandbox2/3 User:MichaelQSchmidt/The general notability guide versus subject-specific notability guidelines Note: The User essays category page has many more, listed below the subcategories section on the pages. Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Essays&oldid=1016104968" Categories: Wikipedia supplemental pages Wikipedia essays Hidden categories: Wikipedia semi-protected project pages Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Meta-Wiki Wikisource Languages ????????? ??????????????? ????????? Français ??????? Bahasa Indonesia ?????????? ?????? ???????? ?????????? Português Român?? ?????????? ??????? Svenska Tagalog Türkçe ?????????????? ???? Edit links This page was last edited on 5 April 2021, at 12:07 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement