Help:What links here - Wikipedia Help:What links here From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search Wikipedia information page This is an information page. It is not one of Wikipedia's policies or guidelines, but rather intends to describe some aspect(s) of Wikipedia's norms, customs, technicalities, or practices. It may reflect varying levels of consensus and vetting. Shortcut WP:WLH Linking and page manipulation Linking and diffs URLs Links Orphans Interlanguage links Interwiki linking Shortcuts External links External link icons Plainlinks Link color Colon trick Pipe trick Self links What links here Linksearch Manual of Style on linking Navigation templates Hatnotes Template index for links Diffs Simplest diff guide Simple diff and link guide Complete diff and link guide Categorization Category Categorization guideline Classification Container category FAQ for categorization FAQ for categories Categories, lists, and navigation templates Categorization of people By year By ethnicity, gender, religion and sexuality Redirect categories User categories Overcategorization User categories Template index for categories Moving and redirecting How to move a page for beginners Redirects Moving a page Requested moves How to fix cut-and-paste moves Moving files to Commons Userfication Template index for moving Template index for redirects Merging Merging Proposed article mergers Requests for history merge Merge and delete? Merge what? Delete or merge? Template index for merging WikiProject Merge Splitting Splitting Template index for splitting Importing and copying How to import articles Requests for page importation Import Export Copying within Wikipedia Protecting Protection Protection policy High-risk templates Requests for page protection Rough guide to semi-protection Additional How to create a page Article creation Editing Deletion process v t e Within the Toolbox section on the left-hand side of every page is a link labeled "What links here". This is used to see a list of the pages that link to (or redirect to, or transclude) the current page. These are sometimes referred to as backlinks. It is possible to make a wikilink to the "What links here" list for a particular page; to do this type [[Special:WhatLinksHere/Page name]], replacing Page name with the title of the target page. (The same text ??? without the brackets ??? can also be entered in the search box, to access "What links here" for any page title.) It is also possible to list the pages with {{Special:Whatlinkshere/Page name|namespace=number}}, where Page name is the name of the page, and namespace (optional) is the number of the namespace. E.g. {{Special:Whatlinkshere/Help:What links here|namespace=0}} lists all pages from article space that link to this page. To use the tool, click Special:WhatLinksHere and type in the page title. "What links here" is limited to showing actual backlinks. Pages which contain the title being searched for, but where the title has not been linked, are excluded from the results. An alternative script exists to search out such pages, where possible unlinked backlinks may exist for the respective article. Contents 1 Overview 2 Limitations 3 Redirects 3.1 Only show incoming redirects 4 Transclusions 5 Number of links 6 Extensions and programming 6.1 Number of backlinks 6.2 Semantic relations 6.3 DPL method 6.4 Suppress links 6.5 Unclear warning 6.6 Workaround to hide transcluded links 7 Examples 8 See also Overview The "What links here" facility lists the pages on the same site (English Wikipedia) which link to (or redirect to, or transclude) a given page. It is possible to limit the search to pages in a specified namespace. To see this information, click the "What links here" link while looking at any page. The list is sorted by page ID, i.e., by date of creation of the page. This information comes from the pagelinks table and the templatelinks table. Pages redirected to the given page are marked "redirect". Pages transcluding the given page are marked "transclusion"; for these pages it is not shown whether they also link to the given page. For image and other file pages, the pages using the image or file appear on the list and are marked "image link". The parser function #ifexist: causes a listing in "What links here" among the normal links even though no link is produced. The list of links to an article is useful in a number of ways: The number of incoming links gives a rough indication of how important or popular a page is. Where the intended subject material of an article is unclear, the list of articles linking to it might provide useful context. It facilitates proper disambiguation. The function works even for a page title that does not exist (recording redlinks to that title). The "What links here" link appears on the edit page on which one arrives when following a broken link. Thus, for example, if film articles are linked to the actors, one can find the films an actor has played in even if there is no article about the actor. To invoke a "What links here" list directly (in the search box, browser address bar, or wikilinks) use the syntax Special:WhatLinksHere/John Smith (replacing "John Smith" with the desired target article title). Limitations The following are not listed at "What links here": automatically generated links from categories to their subcategories and member pages (and vice versa) automatically generated links from subpages to their parent pages links in edit summaries links in special pages, for example Special:LongPages links made with external link syntax instead of wikilinks, for example https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Example instead of the wikilink Example made with [[Example]] links from outside Wikipedia In the case of links to sections or other anchors, the precise target is not shown. "What links here" cannot list the backlinks of a specific section/anchor only. (It may be possible to work round this by making a new title that redirects to a particular section, and encouraging people to make links to the redirect rather than the section. Another possibility is to use Linksearch, but here users would have to add hidden external links.) As mentioned, backlinks which have not yet been linked are excluded from the results. An alternative script exists to search out such pages. Also note that if a page's links change because of a change in a template, the backlinks for that page are not updated immediately, but via the job queue. Redirects The What links here report will list a redirect to a page, and indented under it any incoming links to the page that go through that redirect. For a double redirect, the indent is double, and any incoming wikilinks to the page that go through the two intervening redirects are then shown triple indented. Although they are shown, double redirects are cleaned up; any triple redirects will become doubles, so triple redirects are not shown, just doubles. For a demonstration, see the What links here report for this page. Double redirects and redirects to sections are set up at /demo rdcheck. Only show incoming redirects To only show incoming links, click on "What links here" and then click both "Hide transclusions" and "Hide links". To hide incoming redirects, click on "Hide redirects". Transclusions The backlinks list includes transclusions of the current page. It also includes links which exist on certain pages because the page transcludes another page (template). For example, if page A transcludes template B, and B contains a link to C (not contained within <noinclude> tags), then the link to C will appear on page A, and A will be listed among the backlinks of C. It is possible that a page contains a link to C because it transcludes a template even though the template does not itself contain such a link (the link may be produced in the template wikitext by the application of various parser functions, rather than explicitly). In this case the template will not show up in the backlinks of C, although pages on which it is transcluded will (if they have the links to C). It may be convenient to make the template appear on the list by placing a link to C on the template, within <noinclude> tags. Number of links The "What links here" page does not display how many backlinks exist in total. The number of links displayed at one time is limited ??? initially to 50, although there are links to change this to certain other values. (Different values can be obtained by editing the URL resulting from clicking these links, but the maximum possible value is 5,000.) Extensions and programming Number of backlinks The "What links here" page body has selector body.page-Special_Whatlinkshere, so for example we can use the CSS body.page-Special_Whatlinkshere ul { list-style: decimal } to number the backlinks. It is possible to obtain the list of backlinks (with additional information) programmatically using the MediaWiki API. For information on how to do this, see the API documentation. Semantic relations With the extension Semantic MediaWiki (SMW) links are categorized by specifying relations. For a given relation the backlinks of a page can be produced in-page. A series of queries, one for each relation (which seems cumbersome but can be put in a template like [1]), provides an in-page list of backlinks sorted by relation. Moreover, forward links and attributes of the resulting pages can also be provided, and also backlinks of backlinks. DPL method A simpler extension that can embed backlinks (without the semantic functionality) is Dynamic Page List. EXAMPLE NEEDED Suppress links "(??? links | edit)" can be suppressed by placing the following in Common.css .mw-whatlinkshere-tools{
    display:none;
}
 However, "(transclusion)" can't be suppressed with that CSS. Maybe with CSS# positional-selection. Unclear warning It is not possible to simply transclude a "Special:WhatLinksHere/Page_name" page, as only a certain sub-group of special pages can be transcluded: Wikipedia:Transclusion#Special pages. Workaround to hide transcluded links It is a known limitation that there is no way to filter out pages that link to the current page via a transcluded template. This limits the usefulness of "What links here" in cases where a page is linked to from a widely transcluded navbox. A workaround is to perform a search using the insource parameter, e.g. use insource:/"[[Foo]]"/ to search for articles that contain direct links to Foo, and insource:/"[[Foo|"/ for articles that contain piped links. A user script, User:PrimeHunter/Source links.js, simplifies this process by providing a link to automatically perform the search. Examples Special:WhatLinksHere/James Fowler Special:WhatLinksHere/Help:What links here Special:WhatLinksHere/Gradient Descent See also Template:What links here, a template to generate links to Special:WhatLinksHere with parameters Script to search out all unlinked backlinks "Related Changes" with categories Templates transcluded on the most pages Template transclusion count for templates and modules Backlinks Watchlist, a Unix tool for monitoring changes to a page's backlinks. Wikiget, a unix tool to retrieve the full list of backlinks for page. v t e Wikipedia technical help Get personal technical help at the Teahouse, Help desk, Village pump (technical), talk pages or IRC. General technical help Browser notes Bypass cache Keyboard shortcuts Troubleshooting Editing CharInsert Edit conflict Edit toolbar Reverting How to create a page IRC Tutorial Mobile access Multilingual support Page history Page information Page name Help Printing Software notices Editnotice Special Characters Entering User access levels VisualEditor User guide Special page-related Special page help Edit filter Emailing users Logging in Reset passwords Logs Moving a page Fixing cut-and-paste moves Notifications/Echo FAQ Page Curation Page import Pending changes Random pages Recent changes Related changes Searching Linksearch Tags User contributions Watchlist What links here Wikitext Wikitext Cheatsheet Columns Line-break handling Lists Magic words For beginners Conditional expressions Switch parser function Time function Redirects Sections and TOCs Tables Introduction Basics Advanced table formatting Collapsing Conditional tables Sorting Using colours Links and diffs Links Interlanguage Interwiki Permanent Diffs Simplest diff guide Simple diff and link guide Complete diff and link guide Colon trick Link color Pipe trick URLs Media files: images, videos and sounds Media help Files Creation and usage Moving files to Commons Images Introduction to images Picture tutorial Preparing images for upload Uploading images Options to hide an image Extended image syntax SVG help Gallery tag Graphics tutorials Basic bitmap image editing How to improve image quality Graphics Lab resources Sound file markup Visual file markup Other graphics Family trees Graphs and charts How to create Barcharts To scale charts Math formulas Math symbols LaTeX symbols Rendering math Musical scores Musical symbols Timeline EasyTimeline syntax WikiHiero syntax Templates and Lua modules Templates Advanced template coding Template documentation Template index Template limits Template sandbox and test cases Citation templates Lua help Lua project Resources To do Substitution Purge Job queue Transclusion Labeled section Guide to Scribbling Data structure Namespaces Main/Article Category Draft File File description page Help Portal Project/Wikipedia Talk Archiving Template User User page design MediaWiki Bug reports and feature requests System message TimedMediaHandler extension Module Special HTML and CSS Cascading Style Sheets HTML in wikitext Catalogue of CSS classes Common.js and common.css User CSS for monospaced coding font Classes in microformats Markup validation Span tags Useful styles Customisation and tools Preferences Gadgets Skins Citation tools Cleaning up vandalism tools Customizing watchlists Hide pages IRC Scripts User scripts Guide Techniques User style Tools Alternative browsing Browser tools Editing tools Navigation shortcuts Optimum tool set Wikimedia Cloud Services Beta Features at MediaWiki Automated editing AfC helper script AutoWikiBrowser Bots Creating HotCat Huggle Navigation popups RedWarn Twinkle WPCleaner Inactive igloo STiki See also: Category:Wikipedia how-to Category:Wikipedia information pages Further navigation at: Help pages Administrators Accessibility Accounts Bots Referencing Citation metadata Templates User scripts Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Help:What_links_here&oldid=1007702295" Categories: Wikipedia information pages Wikipedia link help Wikipedia sidebar help Wikipedia interface help Hidden categories: Wikipedia semi-protected project pages Help pages with short description Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Help page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects MediaWiki Languages ????????? Català ??eština Deutsch ??????? ??????? Bahasa Indonesia Italiano ??????? Nederlands ???????? Norsk bokmål Português Shqip ????????? ???????? / srpski Srpskohrvatski / ????????????????????? Svenska Tarandíne ?????????? ????? Türkçe ????? ?????????? ???? Edit links This page was last edited on 19 February 2021, at 14:00 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement