Wikipedia:WikiProject Politics - Wikipedia Wikipedia:WikiProject Politics From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search Wikimedia subject-area collaboration This is WikiProject Politics, a collaboration area for Wikipedians interested in improving coverage of Politics. New participants are welcome; please feel free to participate! Guide to WikiProjects Directory of WikiProjects Portal:Politics Shortcuts WP:POLITICS WP:PLT Main Assessment Help Participants Templates Task forces Recognized content Portal Deletion sorting WikiProject Politics Main page + Talk Portal Talk Help Talk To do list Talk Recognized content Talk Departments Assessment Talk ??? Requests Talk Collaboration Talk Peer review Talk Project organization Article alerts Talk Participants Talk Deletion sorting Stubs Talk New articles Talk Project banner Talk Project category Talk Unreferenced BLPs Talk Task forces American politics Talk Corporatism Talk Fascism Talk Money and politics Talk Liberalism Talk Oligarchy Talk Political parties Talk Gun politics Talk Related projects Australian politics Talk Capitalism Talk Chinese politics Talk Conservatism Talk European Union Talk Libertarianism Talk Law Talk Socialism Talk Voting Systems Talk Elections and Referendums Talk Indian politics Talk New Zealand politics Pakistani politics UK politics Talk UK Parliament constituencies US Congress U.S. Supreme Court Cases U.S. Government U.S. presidential elections view · edit · changes Welcome to WikiProject Politics. A WikiProject is a group of pages in the "Wikipedia" article namespace that are devoted to the management of a specific topic or family of topics within Wikipedia; and, simultaneously, a group of editors who use those pages to collaborate on encyclopedic work. It is not a place to write encyclopedia articles directly, but a resource to help coordinate and organize the writing and editing of those articles. This group focuses on articles in the broad field of Politics. This page and its subpages contain their suggestions; it is hoped that this project will help to focus the efforts of other Wikipedians. You may sign up for the project on the Participants list below. Contents 1 Scope 2 Tasks 2.1 To do list 3 Article Alerts 4 Related projects 5 Participation 6 General strategy and discussion forums 7 List of Sub-projects 8 Sections yet to be covered Scope This WikiProject aims to: tie in directly to the Politics Portal to improve accessibility to high quality politics-related articles. The Portal is intended as a front page for Wikipedia's politics coverage, and should aid the reader in navigating around the articles. It should also draw attention to current events and some of Wikipedia's best politics articles. support the Portal by ensuring that the Portal has plenty of high-quality articles to showcase and ensuring that readers starting with the Portal can find their way around easily be as good in breadth as it is in depth. The namespace 'Politics' is rather broad, so although politics coverage can be augmented by more detailed projects, this particular project should oversee all coverage ??? this will involve making sure that the articles are well organised (through the use of categories) and ensuring that due attention is paid to the further reaches of the topic - for example, more obscure political theory. For the Portal, this should involve rotating the featured article and biography ??? rotating through domestic politics, international relations and political theory could be one way of doing this be truly international ??? this project particularly welcomes participants from non-Anglophone countries. The Portal should be used to highlight articles that concern political issues that most readers may not be aware of, and these are far less likely to concern, say, American politics Oversee the development of politics-related articles Provide a clear structure of how politics articles are arranged on Wikipedia and present the Portal so as to facilitate reading and research Coordinate efforts and peer review articles Tasks Compile all templates, infoboxes and categories relating to the coverage of politics and link to them via this page (use a subpage if the list will be too long) Assemble a list of all featured content Advertise like mad! Add link to the politics portal on as many politics pages as possible ??? checklist Wikipedia:WikiProject Politics/Add Portal List, please expand in any way you see fit That's all for now, but please add to this list if you have further ideas on how to get this project and Portal up and running! To do list To-do list for Wikipedia:WikiProject Politics: edit?·?history?·?watch?·?refresh?·?Updated 2021-04-18 Here are some tasks awaiting attention: Article requests?: Secularism in Iraq, Wikipedia:Requested articles/Social sciences/Politics and government, Constitution Party of Hawaii, Constitution Party of Maine, Constitution Party of New Hampshire, Constitution Party of Rhode Island, Constitution Party of Vermont, Marc Bichler, Executive branch of the Federal government of the United States (now Executive branch of the United States is just a redirection), National Unity Party (Haiti), Progressive Liberal Party (Guatemala), United National Workers Party, Guard of Greater Albania, Social Democracy vs Democratic Socialism, Assess?: Rate articles from Unassessed politics articles and Unknown-importance politics articles. Cleanup?: Cleanup listing for this project is available. See also the list by category, the tool's wiki page and the index of WikiProjects. Expand?: US Presidential timelines in Template:US Presidential Administrations, Secularism in the Middle East, Cousin marriage, United States civil service, Political communications, Political culture, Harold M. Ickes, Far-left politics, Popular vote (representative democracy), Post-neoliberalism, Congressional Picnic, National conservatism, Digital Services Act Infobox?: Politics articles without infoboxes NPOV?: Ballot access, Anti-communism, Anti-environmentalism Photo?: requested photographs of political topics and politicians and government-people Stubs?: work on stubs in articles in Politics stubs Update?: Articles currently with templates to be classified. Verify?: Instruction creep, Electoral fraud Other?: Tag the talk pages of Politics-related articles with the {{WikiProject Politics}} banner. Deletion sorting: Please see the collection of discussions on the deletion of articles related to politics - compiled by WikiProject Deletion sorting Help out with articles placed in Category:Politics articles needing attention Notability: Articles with notability concerns, listed at WikiProject Notability New politics-related articles (bot-assisted) RfCs: answer requests for comments Article Alerts Article alerts Did you know 09 Jul 2021 – Andreas Schnider (talk · edit · hist) was nominated for DYK by Gerda Arendt (t · c); see discussion 06 Jul 2021 – Flag of the National Party (talk · edit · hist) was nominated for DYK by The C of E (t · c); see discussion 04 Jul 2021 – Meatballs (advertisement) (talk · edit · hist) was nominated for DYK by Historical-idealist (t · c); see discussion 04 Jul 2021 – Refugee Paralympic Team at the 2020 Summer Paralympics (talk · edit · hist) was nominated for DYK by Victuallers (t · c); see discussion 04 Jul 2021 – Harry S. Truman 1948 presidential campaign (talk · edit · hist) was nominated for DYK by Kavyansh.Singh (t · c); see discussion 03 Jul 2021 – Palmer Report (talk · edit · hist) was nominated for DYK by Chetsford (t · c); see discussion 29 Jun 2021 – Roosseno Soerjohadikoesoemo (talk · edit · hist) was nominated for DYK by Juxlos (t · c); see discussion 28 Jun 2021 – Debra Cleaver (talk · edit · hist) was nominated for DYK by Sdkb (t · c); see discussion 26 Jun 2021 – Campanha da Legalidade (talk · edit · hist) was nominated for DYK by Erick Soares3 (t · c); see discussion 20 Jun 2021 – John Zampieri (talk · edit · hist) was nominated for DYK by Jon698 (t · c); see discussion (7 more...) Articles for deletion 10 Jul 2021 – Tony Blair flour attack (talk · edit · hist) was AfDed by MrsSnoozyTurtle (t · c); see discussion (3 participants) 08 Jul 2021 – 2009 Manchester, New Hampshire municipal election (talk · edit · hist) was AfDed by SecretName101 (t · c); see discussion (2 participants) 07 Jul 2021 – Lev Mikheev (talk · edit · hist) was AfDed by PerpetuityGrat (t · c); see discussion (3 participants) 06 Jul 2021 – Alex Lasry (talk · edit · hist) was AfDed by Mccapra (t · c); see discussion (3 participants) 06 Jul 2021 – Isikeli Vulavou (talk · edit · hist) was AfDed by Onel5969 (t · c); see discussion (2 participants) 05 Jul 2021 – 2010 Portsmouth, Ohio mayoral recall election (talk · edit · hist) was AfDed by SecretName101 (t · c); see discussion (3 participants) 05 Jul 2021 – 2023 San Francisco mayoral election (talk · edit · hist) was AfDed by SecretName101 (t · c); see discussion (4 participants) 05 Jul 2021 – Future of Mullsjö (talk · edit · hist) was AfDed by Geschichte (t · c); see discussion (2 participants) 03 Jul 2021 – Presidency of Ilham Aliyev (talk · edit · hist) was AfDed by Snooganssnoogans (t · c); see discussion (6 participants; relisted) 03 Jul 2021 – Liberty and Power (talk · edit · hist) was AfDed by Dr.Swag Lord, Ph.d (t · c); see discussion (1 participant; relisted) (12 more...) Proposed deletions 08 Jul 2021 – Flow: For Love of Water (talk · edit · hist) was PRODed by Anton.bersh (t · c): Does not meet WP:GNG and WP:NFILM. Apparently, this film participated in 2008 Sundance festival, but did not receive any awards or reliable coverage. It is not enough to constitute notability. 03 Jul 2021 – Assistant District Secretary of Chama Cha Mapinduzi (talk · edit · hist) PRODed by Premeditated Chaos (t · c) was deleted 01 Jul 2021 – Isikeli Vulavou (talk · edit · hist) PRODed by Onel5969 (t · c) was deproded by Abetpluto (t · c) (author) on 06 Jul 2021 Categories for discussion 10 Jul 2021 – Category:Political party colour templates (talk · edit · hist) was CfDed by Elli (t · c); see discussion 10 Jul 2021 – Category:Yugoslavia political party colour templates (talk · edit · hist) was CfDed by Elli (t · c); see discussion 10 Jul 2021 – Category:Barbados political party colour templates (talk · edit · hist) was CfDed by Elli (t · c); see discussion 10 Jul 2021 – Category:??land political party colour templates (talk · edit · hist) was CfDed by ElliAWB (t · c); see discussion 10 Jul 2021 – Category:Zimbabwe political party colour templates (talk · edit · hist) was CfDed by ElliAWB (t · c); see discussion 10 Jul 2021 – Category:Zambia political party colour templates (talk · edit · hist) was CfDed by ElliAWB (t · c); see discussion 10 Jul 2021 – Category:Yemen political party colour templates (talk · edit · hist) was CfDed by ElliAWB (t · c); see discussion 10 Jul 2021 – Category:Wales political party colour templates (talk · edit · hist) was CfDed by ElliAWB (t · c); see discussion 10 Jul 2021 – Category:Venezuela political party colour templates (talk · edit · hist) was CfDed by ElliAWB (t · c); see discussion 10 Jul 2021 – Category:Vanuatu political party colour templates (talk · edit · hist) was CfDed by ElliAWB (t · c); see discussion (212 more...) Templates for discussion 11 Jul 2021 – Template:Labour Party (UK)/meta/color/temp (talk · edit · hist) was TfDed by Elli (t · c); see discussion 10 Jul 2021 – Template:European Parliament election, 2014 (Bulgaria) (talk · edit · hist) was TfDed by WikiCleanerMan (t · c); see discussion 10 Jul 2021 – Template:Bulgarian presidential election, 2011 (talk · edit · hist) was TfDed by WikiCleanerMan (t · c); see discussion 09 Jul 2021 – Template:Monegasque parliamentary election, 2003 (talk · edit · hist) was TfDed by WikiCleanerMan (t · c); see discussion 09 Jul 2021 – Template:Dutch general election, 2017 (talk · edit · hist) was TfDed by WikiCleanerMan (t · c); see discussion 08 Jul 2021 – Template:Cook Islands legislative election, 2014 (talk · edit · hist) was TfDed by WikiCleanerMan (t · c); see discussion 08 Jul 2021 – Template:Papua New Guinean parliamentary election, 2007 (talk · edit · hist) was TfDed by WikiCleanerMan (t · c); see discussion 29 Jun 2021 – Template:Voting (talk · edit · hist) was TfDed by Gonnym (t · c); see discussion Redirects for discussion 09 Jul 2021 – Secular politics (talk · edit · hist) ???Secularism was RfDed by Narky Blert (t · c); see discussion 06 Jul 2021 – Public Ownership Party (United States) (talk · edit · hist) ???Socialist Party of America was RfDed by Lennart97 (t · c); see discussion 06 Jul 2021 – Guac merchant (talk · edit · hist) ???Jeb Bush was RfDed by Hog Farm (t · c); see discussion 03 Jul 2021 – Former guy (talk · edit · hist) ???Donald Trump RfDed by AllegedlyHuman (t · c) was closed; see discussion 02 Jul 2021 – Richard "Bigo" Barnett (talk · edit · hist) ???2021 United States Capitol attack RfDed by Chrisahn (t · c) was closed; see discussion 02 Jul 2021 – Bigo Barnett (talk · edit · hist) ???2021 United States Capitol attack RfDed by Rosguill (t · c) was closed; see discussion Files for discussion 07 Jun 2021 – File:Himilo Qaran logo.jpg (talk · edit · hist) (on Himilo Qaran) was FfDed by Jo-Jo Eumerus (t · c); see discussion Featured article candidates 14 Jun 2021 – Cai Lun (talk · edit · hist) was FA nominated by Aza24 (t · c); see discussion Good article nominees 09 Jul 2021 – 1997 New Mexico's 3rd congressional district special election (talk · edit · hist) was GA nominated by Nomader (t · c); see discussion 07 Jul 2021 – Indian National Congress (talk · edit · hist) was GA nominated by 25 Cents FC (t · c); start discussion 01 Jul 2021 – 1937 Brazilian coup d'état (talk · edit · hist) was GA nominated by FredModulars (t · c); start discussion 27 Jun 2021 – Socrates (talk · edit · hist) was GA nominated by Cinadon36 (t · c); see discussion 16 Jun 2021 – 1968???69 Japanese university protests (talk · edit · hist) was GA nominated by Roniius (t · c); see discussion 15 Jun 2021 – Flora Kaai Hayes (talk · edit · hist) was GA nominated by Ezlev (t · c); start discussion 12 Jun 2021 – George H. W. Bush 1992 presidential campaign (talk · edit · hist) was GA nominated by Kavyansh.Singh (t · c); see discussion 10 Jun 2021 – Political history of the Philippines (talk · edit · hist) was GA nominated by Chipmunkdavis (t · c); start discussion 09 Jun 2021 – Beverly White (talk · edit · hist) was GA nominated by Jon698 (t · c); start discussion 07 Jun 2021 – Politics of the Philippines (talk · edit · hist) was GA nominated by Chipmunkdavis (t · c); start discussion (14 more...) Featured article reviews 17 Nov 2020 – Paul Kagame (talk · edit · hist) was put up for FA review by Buidhe (t · c); see discussion Featured list removal candidates 22 May 2021 – List of counties in Kentucky (talk · edit · hist) was nominated for FL removal by Hog Farm (t · c); see discussion Good article reassessments 04 May 2021 – Jacinda Ardern (talk · edit · hist) was nominated for GA reassessment by Jeppiz (t · c); see discussion 26 Apr 2021 – Eppur Si Muove (The West Wing) (talk · edit · hist) was nominated for GA reassessment by Theleekycauldron (t · c); see discussion 13 Feb 2021 – Mara Carfagna (talk · edit · hist) was nominated for GA reassessment by Unknown Temptation (t · c); see discussion Requests for comments 10 Jul 2021 – Narendra Modi (talk · edit · hist) has an RfC by Bookku (t · c); see discussion 07 Jul 2021 – Holodomor in modern politics (talk · edit · hist) has an RfC by Stix1776 (t · c); see discussion 02 Jul 2021 – Critical race theory (talk · edit · hist) has an RfC by BeenAroundAWhile (t · c); see discussion 02 Jul 2021 – 2019???2020 Hong Kong protests (talk · edit · hist) has an RfC by Jax 0677 (t · c); see discussion 30 Jun 2021 – List of nicknames used by Donald Trump (talk · edit · hist) has an RfC by Chess (t · c); see discussion 28 Jun 2021 – Joe Biden (talk · edit · hist) has an RfC by MelanieN (t · c); see discussion 26 Jun 2021 – Justice for Uncompensated Survivors Today (JUST) Act of 2017 (talk · edit · hist) has an RfC by François Robere (t · c); see discussion 25 Jun 2021 – Fidesz (talk · edit · hist) has an RfC by Vacant0 (t · c); see discussion 17 Jun 2021 – B. R. Ambedkar (talk · edit · hist) has an RfC by Thousand head Ravan (t · c); see discussion 14 Jun 2021 – Emmanuel Macron (talk · edit · hist) has an RfC by Bakir123 (t · c); see discussion (2 more...) Peer reviews 07 Jul 2021 – Presidential cabinets of the Weimar Republic (talk · edit · hist) has been put up for PR by Modussiccandi (t · c); see discussion 06 Jul 2021 – Pedro Castillo (talk · edit · hist) has been put up for PR by WMrapids (t · c); see discussion 06 Jun 2021 – Racism in the UK Conservative Party (talk · edit · hist) has been put up for PR by Bangalamania (t · c); see discussion 31 May 2021 – Australian People for Health, Education and Development Abroad (talk · edit · hist) has been put up for PR by LMJ050100 (t · c); see discussion Requested moves 12 Jul 2021 – Edward VI of England (talk · edit · hist) is requested to be moved to Edward VI by ????????? (t · c); see discussion 08 Jul 2021 – New Hampshire Senate (talk · edit · hist) is requested to be moved to New Hampshire State Senate by Elli (t · c); see discussion 08 Jul 2021 – Soft climate change denial (talk · edit · hist) is requested to be moved to Soft climate-change denial by Sangdeboeuf (t · c); see discussion 05 Jul 2021 – Fifth power (talk · edit · hist) is requested to be moved to Fifth power (politics) by Georgia guy (t · c); see discussion 05 Jul 2021 – Yellow vests movement (talk · edit · hist) is requested to be moved to Yellow vests protests by Delfield (t · c); see discussion 05 Jul 2021 – Terri Schiavo case (talk · edit · hist) is requested to be moved to Case of Terri Schiavo by Pages777 (t · c); see discussion 02 Jul 2021 – Fake news (talk · edit · hist) is requested to be moved to False news by Félix An (t · c); see discussion 13 Jun 2021 – Chow Hang Tung (talk · edit · hist) is requested to be moved to Chow Hang-tung by Cypp0847 (t · c); see discussion 09 Jul 2021 – Queen Victoria (talk · edit · hist) move request to Victoria, Queen of the United Kingdom by Lennart97 (t · c) was not moved; see discussion 02 Jul 2021 – 2019???2020 Hong Kong protests (talk · edit · hist) move request somewhere else by Eight96Four (t · c) was not moved; see discussion Articles to be merged 12 Jul 2021 – Engaged Citizenship (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for merging to Active citizenship by Jamzze (t · c); see discussion 09 Jul 2021 – Party chair (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for merging to Party leader by BappleBusiness (t · c); see discussion 04 Jul 2021 – Sedition Caucus (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for merging to 2021 United States Electoral College vote count by The owner of all (t · c); see discussion 23 Jun 2021 – Olivier Duhamel (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for merging to Duhamel scandal by AjaxSmack (t · c); see discussion 21 Jun 2021 – Telugu Yuvata (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for merging to Telugu Desam Party by Rogermx (t · c); see discussion 18 Jun 2021 – Murder of Deniz Poyraz (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for merging to 2021 Izmir Peoples' Democratic Party provincial organization attack by Yug (t · c); see discussion 06 Jun 2021 – Alternative facts (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for merging to Sean Spicer by Michael-Moates (t · c); see discussion 02 Jun 2021 – Attempted assassination of Katumba Wamala (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for merging to Katumba Wamala by Cameron Dewe (t · c); see discussion 19 May 2021 – Reform Act (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for merging to Representation of the People Act by Iveagh Gardens (t · c); see discussion 01 May 2021 – Election security (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for merging to Electoral fraud by Beland (t · c); see discussion (27 more...) Articles to be split 11 Jul 2021 – Critical race theory (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for splitting by Jabbi (t · c); see discussion 01 Jul 2021 – 2021 West Bengal Legislative Assembly election (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for splitting by Blubabluba9990 (t · c); see discussion 30 Jun 2021 – Republic (Slovakia) (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for splitting by RJFF (t · c); see discussion 30 Jun 2021 – 2021 New York City mayoral election (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for splitting by Muhibm0307 (t · c); see discussion 28 Jun 2021 – Hong Kong (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for splitting by Eight96Four (t · c); see discussion 10 Jun 2021 – Naxalite (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for splitting by Sgnpkd (t · c); see discussion 02 May 2021 – Vargas Era (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for splitting by FredModulars (t · c); see discussion 08 Apr 2021 – Iron Guard (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for splitting by Super Dromaeosaurus (t · c); see discussion 23 Mar 2021 – Trump???Raffensperger phone call (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for splitting by Sameboat (t · c); see discussion 03 Mar 2021 – Town meeting (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for splitting by Bluealbion (t · c); see discussion (27 more...) Articles for creation 11 Jul 2021 – Draft:Superordinate principles (talk · edit · hist) has been submitted for AfC by David2892 (t · c) 01 Jul 2021 – Draft:Chen Arieli (talk · edit · hist) has been submitted for AfC by Dblu9494 (t · c) 26 Jun 2021 – Draft:Andrew Bradshaw (talk · edit · hist) has been submitted for AfC by 71camaro (t · c) 15 Jun 2021 – Draft:Igor Cherkaskyi (talk · edit · hist) has been submitted for AfC by ????? ???????? (t · c) 14 Jun 2021 – Draft:Harold Frazier (talk · edit · hist) has been submitted for AfC by Apnewcombwei (t · c) 08 Jun 2021 – Draft:Green Lantern Theory (talk · edit · hist) has been submitted for AfC by GAdam (t · c) 30 May 2021 – Draft:A. Charles Peruto Jr. (talk · edit · hist) has been submitted for AfC by Paulbholt (t · c) 27 May 2021 – Draft:Lucy Lang (talk · edit · hist) has been submitted for AfC by 98.7.22.63 (t · c) 25 May 2021 – Draft:Political posturing (talk · edit · hist) has been submitted for AfC by Robert McClenon (t · c) 25 May 2021 – Draft:Charles Samuel Green (talk · edit · hist) has been submitted for AfC by FloridaArmy (t · c) (50 more...) Updated daily by AAlertBot ??? Discuss? / Report bug? / Request feature? Click to watch (Subscribe via RSS Atom) · Find Article Alerts for other topics! Related projects WikiProject Politics is one of the Politics WikiProjects. General Politics | Biography: Politics and government | Elections and Referendums | Law | Money and politics | Political parties | Voting Systems Political culture Anarchism | Corporatism | Fascism | Oligarchy | Liberalism | Socialism Social and political Conservatism | Capitalism | Libertarianism Geographic Australia | China | European Union | India | Japan | South Korea | New Zealand | Pakistan | United Kingdom | UK Parliament constituencies | US Congress | U.S. Supreme Court Cases Participation If you want to get involved in this project, please add your name to the participants' list. There is a userbox available for members of this project. Please feel free to put this on your userpage by adding {{User WikiProject Politics}}. Alternatively, if you do not wish to use the userbox, you may add [[Category:WikiProject Politics members|{{PAGENAME}}]] to the end of your user page. General strategy and discussion forums Please see the project talk page to discuss any issues you would like to raise. Comments on the layout of the project and Portal are more than welcome. If you wish to notify other participants of a new article, please see the #To do list. List of Sub-projects List of all subpages of this page (sub-projects) Sections yet to be covered Criteria guideline for article inclusion see: Wikipedia:Importance Politics article style guide Adopt an article Categories Cleanup listing for this project is available. See also the tool's wiki page and the index of WikiProjects. Wikipedia help pages Visit the Teahouse or the Help desk for an interactive Q & A forum. FAQs (?) Reference desks (?) Noticeboards (?) Cheatsheet (?) Directories (?) About Wikipedia (?) Administration Purpose Principles Policies and guidelines What Wikipedia is not Disclaimer (parental advice) Making requests Who writes Wikipedia? Help for readers (?) FAQ Books Copyright Glossary Mobile access Navigation Other languages Searching Students Viewing media Contributing to Wikipedia (?) Advice for young editors Avoiding common mistakes Etiquette Simplified Manual of Style Simplified rule-set "Ignore all rules" "The rules are principles" Style-tips Tip of the day Your first article (article wizard) Getting started (?) Why create an account? Introductions by topic Graphics tutorials Picture tutorial IRC (live chat) tutorial VisualEditor user guide Dos and don'ts (?) Accessibility Biographies Biographies (living) Categorization Consensus Discussions Disambiguation Images Leads Links Lists References Tables Titles (of articles) How-to pages and information pages (?) Appealing blocks Article deletion Categories Citations/references Referencing for beginners Citation Style 1 Cite errors References and page numbers Convert Diff Editing Minor edit toolbar edit conflict Find sources Files Footnotes Image deletion Infoboxes Linking (link color) Logging in Merging Page name Renaming pages Redirect Passwords Email confirmation Reverting Simple vandalism cleanup Talk pages (archiving) User contributions WP search protocol Coding (?) Wiki markup Barcharts Calculations Characters Columns Hidden text HTML Lists Magic words Music symbols Sections Sounds Tables Templates Transclusion URL Visual files Directories (?) Abbreviations Contents (Encyclopedia proper) Departments Editor's index Essays FAQs Glossary Guidelines Manual of Style Policies Tasks Tips Tools Missing Manual Ask for help on your talk page (?) v t e Wikipedia key policies and guidelines (?) Five pillars Ignore all rules Content (?) P Verifiability No original research Neutral point of view What Wikipedia is not Biographies of living persons Copyright (Copyright violations) Image use Article titles G Notability Autobiography Citing sources Reliable sources Reliable sources (medicine) Do not include copies of lengthy primary sources Plagiarism Don't create hoaxes Fringe theories Patent nonsense External links Conduct (?) P Civility Consensus Harassment Vandalism Ignore all rules No personal attacks Ownership of content Edit warring Dispute resolution Sockpuppetry No legal threats Child protection Paid-contribution disclosure G Assume good faith Conflict of interest Disruptive editing Do not disrupt Wikipedia to illustrate a point Etiquette Gaming the system Please do not bite the newcomers Courtesy vanishing Responding to threats of harm Talk page guidelines Signatures Deletion (?) P Deletion policy Proposed deletion Biographies Criteria for speedy deletion Attack page Oversight Revision deletion Enforcement (?) P Administrators Banning Blocking Page protection Editing (?) P Editing policy G Article size Be bold Disambiguation Hatnotes Broad-concept article Understandability Style Manual of Style Contents Accessibility Dates and numbers Images Layout Lead section Linking Lists Classification Categories, lists, and navigation templates Categorization Template namespace Project content (?) G Project namespace WikiProjects User pages User boxes Shortcuts Subpages WMF (?) P Terms of Use List of policies Friendly space policy Licensing and copyright Privacy policy List of all policies and guidelines P: List of policies G: List of guidelines Summaries of values and principles v t e WikiProject Council WikiProject guides WikiProject Council Talk Guidelines/Intro WikiProjects Task forces Technical notes Assessment FAQ Work via WikiProjects Directories and summaries Directory Proposals Signpost Shortcuts Popular pages Database reports Watchers Culture and the arts Arts Music Performing Plastic Visual Broadcasting Crafts and hobbies Entertainment Games and toys Food and drink Internet culture Language and literature Biography Linguistics Media Philosophy and religion Sports Geographical Bodies of water Cities Countries Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Landforms Maps Parks, conservation areas and historical sites History and society History and society Business and economics Education Military and warfare Politics and government Transportation Science, technology and engineering Science Biology Chemistry Economics Geosciences Information science Mathematics Medicine Meteorology Physics Space Technology Time Wikipedia assistance and tasks Contents systems Maintenance Files Article improvement and grading Classroom projects WikiProjects Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:WikiProject_Politics&oldid=977403562" Categories: Active WikiProjects Wikipedia pages with to-do lists WikiProject Politics WikiProjects participating in Wikipedia 1.0 assessments Hidden categories: Project pages with short description Wikipedia semi-protected project pages Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version Languages ????????? ?????? ????????????? ??eština Dansk Deutsch ????????? Español ??????? Français ??????? Italiano Latviešu Magyar ???????? Polski Român?? ?????????? Sicilianu ????? Türkçe ?????????????? Vèneto ???? Edit links This page was last edited on 8 September 2020, at 16:54 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement