Wikipedia:Categorization - Wikipedia Wikipedia:Categorization From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search Guidance on the proper use of the categorization function in Wikipedia "WP:CATEGORY" and "WP:CAT" redirect here. You may be looking for WikiProject Cats, Wikipedia:HotCat, WikiProject Categories, or even WP:WikiCat. For the category system itself, see Category:Contents. "WP:CG" redirects here. For the internal project on computer-generated imagery, see Wikipedia:WikiProject Computer Graphics. This page documents an English Wikipedia editing guideline. It is a generally accepted standard that editors should attempt to follow, though it is best treated with common sense, and occasional exceptions may apply. Any substantive edit to this page should reflect consensus. When in doubt, discuss first on the talk page. Shortcuts WP:CAT WP:CATEGORY WP:CG WP:MOSCAT Wikipedia guidelines Guidelines list Policies list Behavioral Assume good faith Conflict of interest Courtesy vanishing Disruptive editing Don't bite the newcomers Don't edit to make a point Etiquette Don't game the system User pages Other behavioral guidelines WMF friendly space policy Discussions Talk page guidelines Signatures Content Citing sources External links Reliable sources medicine Fringe theories Non-free content Offensive material Don't copy long texts Don't create hoaxes Patent nonsense Other content guidelines Editing Article size Be bold Edit summary Understandability Other editing guidelines Organization Categories, lists, templates Categorization Disambiguation Style Manual of Style contents lists tables Deletion Deletion process Speedy keep Deletion guidelines for administrators Project content Project pages WikiProjects Templates User pages User boxes Shortcuts Subpages Other Naming conventions Notability v t e This page contains guidance on the proper use of the categorization function in Wikipedia. For information on the mechanics of the function, category syntax, etc., see Help:Category. For quick answers, see the Categorization FAQ. For proposals to delete, merge, or rename categories, follow the instructions at Categories for discussion. Please use it before undertaking any complicated re-categorization of existing categories or mass creation of new categories. The central goal of the category system is to provide navigational links to Wikipedia pages in a hierarchy of categories which readers, knowing essential???defining???characteristics of a topic, can browse and quickly find sets of pages on topics that are defined by those characteristics. Categories are not the only means of enabling users to browse sets of related pages. Other tools which may be used instead of or alongside categories in particular instances include lists and navigation boxes. For a comparison of these techniques, see Categories, lists and navigation templates. Contents 1 Naming conventions 1.1 General conventions 1.2 Special conventions 2 Creating category pages 3 Categorizing pages 3.1 Articles 3.1.1 Eponymous categories 3.1.1.1 Guidelines for articles with eponymous categories 3.2 Files/images 3.3 Wikipedia administrative categories 3.4 User pages 3.5 Draft pages 3.6 Template categorization 3.7 Categorization using templates 3.7.1 Hiding categories 3.7.2 Redirected categories 4 Sort keys 5 Category tree organization 5.1 Subcategorization 5.1.1 Diffusing large categories 5.1.2 Non-diffusing subcategories 6 Category cleanup templates 7 See also 7.1 For browsing 7.2 For maintenance 8 Notes Naming conventions Further information: Wikipedia:Category names When naming a category, one should be particularly careful and choose its name accurately. Moving non-conventionally categorized pages to another category name (see {{Category redirect}}) imposes an additional overhead ??? an edit for each article and subcategory. General conventions Standard article naming conventions apply; in particular, do not capitalize regular nouns except when they come at the beginning of the title. Names of topic categories should be singular, normally corresponding to the name of a Wikipedia article. Examples: "Law", "France", "Hillary Clinton". Names of set categories should be plural. Examples: "Writers", "Villages in Poland". Avoid abbreviations. Example: "Category:Military equipment of World War II", not "Category:Military equipment of WW2". However, abbreviations that have become the official or generally used name (such as NATO) should be used where there are no other conflicts. Do not write the category structure in names. Example: "Monarchs", not "People ??? Monarchs". This includes creating categories that are subpages of other categories. Choose category names that can stand alone, independent of the way a category is connected to other categories. Example: "Geography terminology stubs", not "Terminology" (a subcategory of "Geography stubs"). As with lists, avoid descriptive adjectives such as famous, important, or notable in category titles. Particularly for technical subjects, use words and phrases which exist in reliable sources, so that those sources may be used to support inclusion of articles. When an article topic requires disambiguation, any category eponymously named for that topic should include the same form of disambiguation, even if no other articles are likely to have an eponymous category. Special conventions Note that in many instances a topic category and a set category have similar names, the topic category being singular and the set category plural. For example, Opera is a topic category (containing all articles relating to the topic), while Operas is a set category (containing articles about specific operas). Be careful to choose the right one when categorizing articles. If there are a lot of lists in a particular subject area, it may be useful to have a category to hold them, called something like "Category:Lists of countries". These categories should only contain list pages (for example "List of Soviet Republics", "List of countries by population"). When placing pages in such a category, use a sort key that excludes the phrase "List of" (otherwise all lists would appear under "L"). See also Category:Lists. All WikiProject categories should have "WikiProject" (or "WikiProjects") as part of the name. Note that this does not apply to the names of categories that projects might create for the use of assessments. In these cases, the advice given in Project Categories, which conforms to Category:Wikipedia 1.0 assessments is advised, though not mandatory. Categories used for Wikipedia administration are prefixed with the word "Wikipedia" (no colon) if this is needed to prevent confusion with content categories. For example, Category:Inactive project pages (where no confusion is likely), but Category:Wikipedia tools (as distinct from the content category Tools). Naming guidelines for sub-categories of Category:Stub categories are listed at Wikipedia:WikiProject Stub sorting/Naming guidelines#Categories. For categorization in userspace, see Wikipedia:Categorization#User namespace and Wikipedia:User categories#Naming conventions. For geographical photo requests, the category name should be "Wikipedia requested photographs in xxx" as in [[Category:Wikipedia requested photographs in England]]. Wikiprojects desiring to keep track of articles needing photos should use "xxxx articles needing photos" as in [[Category:England articles needing photos]] and [[Category:England articles needing images]] (for photos, maps, drawings, etc.). Creating category pages Shortcut WP:CREATECAT See also: Wikipedia:HotCat After you have determined an appropriate category name and know its parent category, you are ready to create the new category. To create a category, first add an article to that category. Do this by editing the article page. At the bottom, but before the interwiki links (if any are present), add the name of the new category, (e.g.: [[Category:New category name]] ), and save your edit. The as-yet-undefined category name will now appear as a red link in the article's category list at the bottom of the page. Next, to create the category, click on that red link, which brings you back into the editor. Adding this new category into the appropriate parent category is much the same as with an article: at the bottom, simply add the parent category (e.g.: [[Category:Parent category name]] ), which should usually be a hypernym of the sub-category. Sometimes, a common-sense guess based on the title of the category isn't enough to figure out whether a page should be listed in the category. So, rather than leave the text of a category page empty (containing only parent category declarations), it is helpful ??? to both readers and editors ??? to include a description of the category, indicating what pages it should contain, how they should be subcategorized, and so on. In such cases, the desired contents of the category should be described on the category page, similar to how the list selection criteria are described in a stand-alone list. The category description should make direct statements about the criteria by which pages should be selected for inclusion in (or exclusion from) the category. This description, not the category's name, defines the proper content of the category. Do not leave future editors to guess about what or who should be included from the title of the category. Even if the selection criteria might seem obvious to you, an explicit standard is helpful to others, especially if they are less familiar with the subject. The description can also contain links to other Wikipedia pages, in particular to other related categories which do not appear directly as subcategories or parent categories, and to relevant categories at sister projects, such as Commons. Another technique that can be used is described at Wikipedia:Classification. Like disambiguation pages, category pages should not contain either citations to reliable sources or external links. Various templates have been developed to make it easier to produce category descriptions; see Category namespace templates. There are hatnote templates including {{Cat main}} and {{Category see also}}; others are listed at Wikipedia:Hatnote#Categories. A maximum of 200 category entries are displayed per screen. To make navigating large categories easier, a table of contents can be used on the category page. The following templates are some of the ways of doing this: {{Category TOC}} ??? adds a complete table of contents (Top, 0???9, A???Z) {{Large category TOC}} ??? adds a complete table of contents with five subdivisions for each letter (Aa Ae Aj Ao At) Consider using {{CatAutoTOC}} which uses the appropriate TOC for the number of pages on a category page. Subcategories are split alphabetically along with the articles, which means that the initial screen of a split category may not include all its subcategories. To make all subcategories display on each screen, add a category tree to the text of the category page, as described at the help page under Displaying category trees and page counts. Category pages can have interlanguage links in the "Languages" list in the left sidebar (in the default skin), linking to corresponding categories in other language Wikipedias. To edit these on Wikidata, click on the "Edit links" link at the end of the languages list. Categorizing pages Shortcut WP:CATSPECIFIC Play media A screencast showing how to categorise pages and explaining the usage of HotCat See also: Wikipedia:Categorization dos and don'ts and Wikipedia:Categorizing redirects Every Wikipedia page should belong to at least one category. (However, there is no need to categorize talk pages, redirects, or user pages, though these may be placed in categories where appropriate.) In addition, each categorized page should be placed in all of the most specific categories to which it logically belongs. This means that if a page belongs to a subcategory of C (or a subcategory of a subcategory of C, and so on) then it is not normally placed directly into C. For exceptions to this rule, see § Eponymous categories and § Non-diffusing subcategories below. While it should typically be clear from the name of an existing category which pages it should contain, the text of the category page may sometimes provide additional information on potential category contents. One way to determine if suitable categories already exist for a particular page is to check the categories of pages concerning similar or related topics. Another way is to search existing category names as described here (top of page). Since all categories form part of a hierarchy, do not add categories to pages as if they are tags. Articles See also: Wikipedia:Categorization of people For category types to avoid, see Wikipedia:Overcategorization. Apart from certain exceptions (i.e. eponymous categories and non-diffusing subcategories ??? see below), an article should be categorised under the most specific branch in the category tree possible, without duplication in parent categories above it. In other words, articles should rarely be placed in both a given category and any of its sub- or parent (super-) categories. For example, the article "Paris" need only be placed in "Category:Cities in France", not in both "Category:Cities in France" and "Category:Populated places in France". Because the first category (cities) is in the second category (populated places), readers are already given the information that Paris is a populated place in France by it being a city in France. Shortcuts WP:CATV WP:CAT#V WP:CATVER Categorization of articles must be verifiable. It should be clear from verifiable information in the article why it was placed in each of its categories. Use the {{Uncited category}} template if you find an article in a category that is not shown by sources to be appropriate or if the article gives no clear indication for inclusion in a category. Shortcuts WP:CATPOV WP:POVCAT Categorization must also maintain a neutral point of view. Categorizations appear on article pages without annotations or referencing to justify or explain their addition; editors should be conscious of the need to maintain a neutral point of view when creating categories or adding them to articles. Categorizations should generally be uncontroversial; if the category's topic is likely to spark controversy, then a list article (which can be annotated and referenced) is probably more appropriate. For example, a politician (not convicted of any crime) should not be added to a category of notable criminals. Shortcuts WP:CATDEF WP:CATDEFINING A central concept used in categorizing articles is that of the defining characteristics of a subject of the article. A defining characteristic is one that reliable sources commonly and consistently define[1] the subject as having???such as nationality or notable profession (in the case of people), type of location or region (in the case of places), etc. For example, in Caravaggio, an Italian artist of the Baroque movement, Italian, artist, and Baroque may all be considered to be defining characteristics of the subject Caravaggio. Particular considerations for categorizing articles: Shortcut MOS:CATORDER By convention, category declarations are placed at the end of the wikitext, but before any stub templates, which transclude their own categories. Eponymous categories should appear first. Beyond that, the order in which categories are placed on a page is not governed by any single rule (for example, it does not need to be alphabetical, although partially alphabetical ordering can sometimes be helpful). Normally the most essential, significant categories appear first. An article should never be left with a non-existent (redlinked) category on it. Either the category should be created, or else the link should be removed or changed to a category that does exist. Categorization should not be made by the type of an article. A biographical article about a specific person, for example, does not belong in Category:Biography (genre). Articles on fictional subjects should not be categorized in a manner that confuses them with real subjects. {{Category see also}} is useful for interlinking examples of real-world and fictional phenomena. Eponymous categories Shortcuts WP:EPON WP:EPONYMOUS See also: Category:Eponymous categories and Wikipedia:Overcategorization § Eponymous categories for people For the overuse of the word "eponymous" on Wikipedia, see WP:TITULAR. A category that covers exactly the same topic as an article is known as the eponymous category for that article (e.g. New York City and Category:New York City; Mekong and Category:Mekong River). An eponymous category should have only the categories of its article that are relevant to the category's content. For example: Both New York City and Category:New York City fit well in Category:Cities in New York (state). The article New York City is in Category:Populated places established in 1624, but this category is not necessarily relevant to the content of Category:New York City, so it should not be used on the eponymous category. Guidelines for articles with eponymous categories "WP:CATMAIN" redirects here. For the template, see Template:Cat main. Shortcut WP:CATMAIN The article itself should be a member of the eponymous category and should be sorted with a space to appear at the start of the listing (see § Sort keys below). The article should be listed as the main article of the category using the {{cat main}} template. Articles with an eponymous category may be categorized in the broader categories that would be present if there were no eponymous category (e.g. the article France appears in both Category:France and Category:Western Europe, even though the latter category is the parent of the former category). Editors should decide by consensus which solution makes most sense for a category tree. There are three options: Keep both the eponymous category and the main article in the parent category. This is used in Category:Western Europe to allow that region's country articles to be navigated together. Keep just the child article. This is used in Category:British Islands, to prevent a loop. Keep just the eponymous category. This is used for Category:Farmworkers in Category:People by occupation. Such "X by Y" categories sometimes cover a limited navigational set, not a topic (see § Category tree organization below), thus there is no logical article content. If eponymous categories are categorized separately from their articles, it will be helpful to make links between the category page containing the articles and the category page containing the eponymous categories. The template {{Related category}} can be used for this. An example of this set-up is the linked categories Category:American politicians and Category:Wikipedia categories named after American politicians. Files/images Shortcut WP:FILECAT Further information: Wikipedia:Manual of Style/Images § Image description pages Category tags can be added to file/image pages of files that have been uploaded to Wikipedia. When categorized, files are not included in the count of articles in the category, but are displayed in a separate section with a thumbnail and the name for each. A category can mix articles and images, or a separate file/image category can be created. A file category is typically a subcategory of the general category about the same subject, and a subcategory of the wider category for files, Category:Wikipedia files. To categorize a new file when uploading, simply add the category tag to the upload summary. Freely licensed files may also be uploaded to, and categorized on, Wikimedia Commons. This can be done instead of, or in addition to, uploading and categorizing on Wikipedia. Most freely licensed files will eventually be copied or moved from Wikipedia to Commons, with a mirror page remaining on Wikipedia. (For an example of one such mirror page, see here.) Categories should not be added to these Wikipedia mirror pages, because doing so creates a new Wikipedia page that is subject to speedy deletion. Exceptions to this principle are made for mirror pages of images that are nominated as featured pictures and for those that appear on the Wikipedia Main Page in the Did You Know? column. Images that are used in Wikipedia that are non-free or fair use should not appear as thumbnail images in categories. To prevent the thumbnail preview of images from appearing in a category, __NOGALLERY__ should be added to the text of the category. In such cases, the file will still appear in the category, but the actual image preview will not. Wikipedia administrative categories Shortcut WP:PROJCATS Further information: Wikipedia:Administration § Data structure and development A distinction is made between two types of categories: Administrative categories, intended for use by editors or by automated tools, based on features of the current state of articles, or used to categorize non-article pages. Content categories, intended as part of the encyclopedia, to help readers find articles, based on features of the subjects of those articles. Administrative categories include stub categories (generally produced by stub templates), maintenance categories (often produced by tag templates such as {{cleanup}} and {{fact}}, and used for maintenance projects), WikiProject and assessment categories, and categories of pages in non-article namespaces. Article pages should be kept out of administrative categories if possible. For example, the templates that generate WikiProject and assessment categories should be placed on talk pages, not on the articles themselves. If it is unavoidable that an administration category appears on article pages (usually because it is generated by a maintenance tag that is placed on articles), then in most cases it should be made a hidden category, as described in § Hiding categories below. There are separate administrative categories for different kinds of non-article pages, such as template categories, disambiguation page categories, project page categories etc. In maintenance categories and other administrative categories, pages may be included regardless of type. For example, in an error tracking category it makes sense to group templates separately, because addressing the errors there may require different skills compared to fixing an ordinary article. For sorting each namespace separately, see § Sort keys below. User pages Shortcut WP:USERNOCAT Further information: Wikipedia:User categories and Wikipedia:User pages § Categories, templates that add categories, and redirects User pages are not articles, and thus do not belong in content categories such as Living people or Biologists. They can however be placed in user categories ??? subcategories of Category:Wikipedians, such as Category:Wikipedian biologists ??? which assist collaboration between users. Similarly, user subpages that are draft versions of articles should be kept out of content categories, but are permitted in non-content or project categories, like Category:User essays. If you copy an article from mainspace to userspace and it already contains categories, remove them or comment them out. Restore the categories when you move the draft back into article space. Two scripts are available to help with these tasks: User:DannyS712/Draft no cat and User:DannyS712/Draft re cat. At Database reports/Polluted categories, a list of affected categories is maintained. Draft pages Shortcut WP:DRAFTNOCAT Further information: Wikipedia:Drafts § Preparing drafts Drafts, no matter whether in the draft namespace or your userspace, are not articles, and thus do not belong in content categories such as Living people or Biologists. If you copy an article from mainspace to draftspace or your userspace and it already contains categories, then disable them: edit each by inserting a colon character to link to its category instead (e.g. change [[Category:Biologists]] to [[:Category:Biologists]]), or encompass them with the {{draft categories|1=[[Category:first category]][[Category:second category]] etc.}} template). Re-enable the categories when you move the draft back into article space. Two scripts are available to help with these tasks: User:DannyS712/Draft no cat and User:DannyS712/Draft re cat. Drafts may be placed in the appropriate subcategories of Category:Wikipedia drafts. Template categorization Shortcut WP:CAT#T See also: Template:Documentation Templates are not articles, and thus do not belong in content categories. It is however a recommendation to place them in template categories ??? subcategories of Category:Wikipedia templates ??? to assist when looking for templates of a certain type. For example, Template:Schubert string quartets is categorized under Category:String quartets by composer templates, which should be a subcategory of Category:Music navigational boxes (type) but Template:Schubert string quartets should not be categorized under Category:Franz Schubert or Category:String quartets (content). It is usually desirable that pages using a template are not placed in the same categories as the template itself. To avoid this, the category for the template should be placed on the template's documentation page, normally within a <includeonly>{{Sandbox other||...}}</includeonly> block; if there is no documentation page, the category for the template may be placed on the template itself, within a <noinclude>...</noinclude> block. Where a <noinclude>...</noinclude> block is the last item in the template code, there should be no spaces or newlines between the last part of the template proper and the opening <noinclude> tag. Categorization using templates Shortcuts WP:TEMPLATECAT WP:TCAT Many templates include category declarations in their transcludable text, for the purpose of placing the pages containing those templates into specific categories. This technique is very commonly used for populating certain kinds of administration categories, including stub categories and maintenance categories. However, it is recommended that articles not be placed in ordinary content categories using templates in this way. There are many reasons for this: editors cannot see the category in the wikitext; removing or restructuring the category is made more difficult (partly because automated processes will not work); inappropriate articles and non-article pages may get added to the category; sort keys may be unavailable to be customised per category; and ordering of categories on the page is less controllable. When templates are used to populate administration categories, ensure that the code cannot generate nonsensical or non-existent categories, particularly when the category name depends on a parameter. Also, see Category suppression for ways of keeping inappropriate pages out of template-generated categories. Category declarations in templates often use {{PAGENAME}} as the sort key, because this overrides any DEFAULTSORT defined on the page. Hiding categories Shortcut WP:HIDDENCAT In cases where, for technical reasons, administration categories appear directly on articles rather than talk pages, they should be made into hidden categories, so that they are not displayed to readers. This rule does not apply to stub categories or "uncategorized article" categories ??? these types are not hidden. To hide a category, add the template {{Wikipedia category|hidden=yes}} to the category page (the template uses the magic word __HIDDENCAT__). This also places the page in Category:Hidden categories. A logged-in user may elect to view all hidden categories, by checking "Show hidden categories" on the "Appearance" tab of Preferences. Notice that "hidden" parent categories are never in fact hidden on category pages (although they are listed separately). Hidden categories are listed at the bottom when previewing. All users of the desktop version can see hidden categories for a page by clicking "Page information" under "Tools" in the left pane, or by editing the whole page with the source editor. Redirected categories Do not create inter-category redirects. See Wikipedia:Categories for discussion#Redirecting categories for the policy, and Wikipedia:Redirect#Category redirects for the technical details. Sort keys "WP:Sorting" redirects here. For sorting of tables, see Help:Sorting. Shortcut WP:SORTKEY Sort keys are sometimes needed to produce a correct ordering of member pages and subcategories on the category page. For the mechanics, see Sorting category pages on the help page. Categories of people are usually sorted by last name rather than first name, so "surname, forename" sort keys are used (as in "Washington, George"). There are many other rules for sorting people's names; for more information, see WP:NAMESORT. Other sort key considerations (in no particular order): In English Wikipedia, sort order merges (ignores) case and diacritics. For example, "Baé", "Båf", "BaG" would be sorted in that order.[2] The main article/s of a category, if existent, should get sorted with a space as key so that it/they appear at the very top of the category. Example: [[Category:Example| ]] Those articles are typically homonymous or at least synonymous to their category. Furthermore, other general articles that are highly relevant to the category should be sorted with an asterisk as key so that they also appear at the top of a category but beneath the main article/s. Example: [[Category:Example|*]] Those articles are typically called "History of example", "Types of example", "List of example" or similar. Leading articles—a, an, and the—are among the most common reasons for using sort keys, which are used to transfer the leading article to the end of the key, as in {{DEFAULTSORT:Lady, The}}. Please also apply these sort keys to deliberate misspellings of these words, e.g. "da" or "tha" for "the", as well as foreign language leading articles, such as "el" or "der" (but beware of non-article words that have the same spelling, e.g. that translate as "at" or "one"). However, leading articles in foreign-language-derived names which are no longer translated in English are not subject to this rule; e.g. the sort key for El Paso should be left as the default value (i.e. no {{DEFAULTSORT}} required). Landforms (and similar) that have noun prefixes such as Isle of Mull should have the noun sorted after as {{DEFAULTSORT:Mull, Isle of}}. However, this isn't usually done for settlements and administrative divisions; for example, while Isle of Wight uses {{DEFAULTSORT:Wight, Isle of}}, the categories for the county/district are sorted "Isle of Wight". Also for settlements such as Isle of Wight, Virginia the prefix isn't moved. Spell out abbreviations and characters used in place of words so that they can be found easily in categories. For example, the sort key for Mr. Bean should be {{DEFAULTSORT:Mister Bean}} and Dungeons & Dragons should be sorted {{DEFAULTSORT:Dungeons And Dragons}}. An exception is the times sign (??) as in "Men's 4 ?? 100 metre" relay; use the letter x in this case. Hyphens, apostrophes and periods/full stops are the only punctuation marks that should be kept in sort values. The only exception is the apostrophe in names beginning with O', which should be removed. For example, Eugene O'Neill is sorted {{DEFAULTSORT:Oneill, Eugene}}. All other punctuation marks should be removed. (Commas can be added when re-ordering words, as in the previous example.) Entries containing numbers sometimes need special sort keys to ensure proper numerical ordering. For example, IX comes before V in alphabetical order, so Pope John IX might have a sort key "John 9". To get the correct sort order zero padding may be required, thus the actual sort key for is "John 09" this ensures that Pope John IX sorts before Pope John X ??? if we ever get to the hundredth Pope John, we would need to use three digits "John 009". Also note that numbers which include separators (such as commas or periods) will only have the part of the number before the first separator considered by the sorting algorithm. So 10,000 Maniacs might have a sort key "10000 Maniacs". It is important to stick to the same system for all similar entries in a given category. Systematic sort keys are also used in other categories where the logical sort order is not alphabetical (for example, individual month articles in year categories such as Category:2004 use sort keys like "*2004-04" for April). Again, such systems must be used consistently within a category. In some categories, sort keys are used to exclude prefixes that are common to all or many of the entries, or are considered unimportant (such as "List of" or "The"). For example, in Category:2004 the page 2004 in film would have the sort key "Film", and in Category:2004 in Canada the page 2004 Canadian federal budget would have the sort key "Federal Budget". Use other sort keys beginning with a space (or an asterisk or a plus sign) for any "List of ..." and other pages that should appear after the key article and before the main alphabetical listings, including "Outline of" and "Index of" pages. The same technique is sometimes used to bring particular subcategories to the start of the list. Sort keys may be prefixed with Greek letters to place entries after the main alphabetical list. The following letters have special meaning by convention: "?" (capital sigma) is used to place stub categories at the end of subcategory lists. ("µ" (mu) was previously used, but the capital version "??" was confusing.) "?" (beta, displays as capital, "??") is for barnstars. "??" (delta) is for documentation, where sorting by Latin D is undesirable. "?" (iota, displays as "??") is for Wikipedia images. "??" (rho, displays as "?") is for portals. "??" (tau, displays as "?") is for templates. Keep in mind, template categories should not be added to content categories per WP:CAT#T. "??" (upsilon, displays as "?") for user templates. "??" (omega, displays as "?") is for WikiProjects. Similar to the handling of Latin letters, if the sort key is or begins with a lower case Greek letter, then the capital Greek letter will be displayed in headings on category pages. Items whose sort keys begin with lowercase letters will appear beneath corresponding capital letters. Several of these resemble Latin letters B, I, P etc., but they will sort after Z. Note: Not all of these types are suitable for inclusion in content categories. For one-type categories, such as template categories, Greek letter grouping is not useful. If a page is to be given the same sort key in all or several of its categories, the {{DEFAULTSORT}} magic word should be used. Per WP:FOOTERS, this is placed just before the list of category declarations. Default sort keys are sometimes defined even where they do not seem necessary???when they are the same as the page name, for example???in order to prevent other editors or automated tools from trying to infer a different default. Category tree organization Partial view of Wikipedia's category system from 2007. Arrows point from category to sub-category. Categories are organized as overlapping "trees", formed by creating links between inter-related categories (in mathematics or computer science this structure is called a partially ordered set). Any category may contain (or "branch into") subcategories, and it is possible for a category to be a subcategory of more than one "parent" category. (A is said to be a parent category of B when B is a subcategory of A.) [3] There is one top-level category, Category:Contents. All other categories are found below this. Hence every category apart from this top one must be a subcategory of at least one other category. Shortcuts WP:TOPICCAT WP:SETCAT There are two main kinds of category: Topic categories are named after a topic (usually sharing a name with the Wikipedia article on that topic). For example, Category:France contains articles relating to the topic France. Set categories are named after a class (usually in the plural). For example, Category:Cities in France contains articles whose subjects are cities in France. A category may be explicitly labeled as such using the {{Set category}} template. Sometimes, for convenience, the two types can be combined, to create a set-and-topic category (such as Category:Voivodeships of Poland, which contains articles about particular voivodeships as well as articles relating to voivodeships in general). Subcategorization Shortcuts WP:SUBCAT WP:SUPERCAT A tree structure showing the possible hierarchical organization of an encyclopedia Items may belong to more than one category, but normally not to a category and its parent (there are, however, exceptions to this rule, such as non-diffusing categories). An item may belong to several subcategories of a parent category (as pictured). If logical membership of one category implies logical membership of a second (an is-a relationship), then the first category should be made a subcategory (directly or indirectly) of the second. For example, Cities in France is a subcategory of Populated places in France, which in turn is a subcategory of Geography of France. Many subcategories have two or more parent categories. For example, Category:British writers should be in both Category:Writers by nationality and Category:British people by occupation. When making one category a subcategory of another, ensure that the members of the subcategory really can be expected (with possibly a few exceptions) to belong to the parent also. Category chains formed by parent???child relationships should never form closed loops;[4] that is, no category should be contained as a subcategory of one of its own subcategories.[5] If two categories are closely related but are not in a subset relation, then links between them can be included in the text of the category pages. Except for non-diffusing subcategories (see below), pages for sub-categories should be categorised under the most specific parent categories possible. Sometimes proper subcategorization requires the creation of new categories. Note also that as stub templates are for maintenance purposes, not user browsing (see § Wikipedia administrative categories above), they do not count as categorization for the purposes of Wikipedia's categorization policies. An article which has a "stubs" category on it must still be filed in the most appropriate content categories, even if one of them is a direct parent of the stubs category in question. Diffusing large categories Shortcut WP:DIFFUSE "WP:DIFFUSE" redirects here. For conflicts, see Wikipedia:Diffusing conflict. Although there is no limit on the size of categories, a large category will often be broken down ("diffused") into smaller, more specific subcategories. For example, Category:Rivers of Europe is broken down by country into the subcategories Rivers of Albania, Rivers of Andorra, etc. A category may be diffused using several coexisting schemes; for example, Category:Albums is broken down by artist, by date, by genre etc. Metacategories may be created as ways of organizing schemes of subcategories. For example, the subcategories called "Artistname albums" are not placed directly into Category:Albums, but into the metacategory Category:Albums by artist, which itself appears in Category:Albums. (See Category:Categories by parameter) It is possible for a category to be only partially diffused???some members are placed in subcategories, while others remain in the main category. Information about how a category is diffused may be given on the category page. Categories which are intended to be fully broken down into subcategories can be marked with the {{category diffuse}} template, which indicates that any pages which editors might add to the main category should be moved to the appropriate subcategories when sufficient information is available. (If the proper subcategory for an article does not exist yet, either create the subcategory or leave the article in the parent category for the time being.) To suggest that a category is so large that it ought to be diffused into subcategories, you can add the {{overpopulated category}} template to the category page. Non-diffusing subcategories Shortcut WP:DUPCAT Not all subcategories serve the "diffusion" function described above; some are simply subsets which have some special characteristic of interest, such as Best Actor Academy Award winners as a subcategory of Film actors or Musical films as a subcategory of Musicals. These are called non-diffusing subcategories. They provide an exception to the general rule that pages are not placed in both a category and its subcategory: there is no need to take pages out of the parent category purely because of their membership of a non-diffusing subcategory. (Of course, if the pages also belong to other subcategories that do cause diffusion, then they will not appear in the parent category directly.) Non-diffusing subcategories should be identified with a template on the category page: The {{Non-diffusing subcategory}} templates should be used for sub-categories that are non-diffusing, like Category:American novelists of Asian descent. The {{All included}} can be used for categories where all child articles of a certain type are in the parent, like Category:Presidents of the United States or Category:Mountains of Switzerland. Subcategories defined by gender, ethnicity, religion, and sexuality should almost always be non-diffusing subcategories. The Wikipedia:Categorization/Ethnicity, gender, religion and sexuality categorization guideline outlines the rules on these categories in more detail. Note that some categories can be non-diffusing on some parents, and diffusing on others. For example, Category:British women novelists is a non-diffusing sub-category of Category:British novelists, but it is a diffusing subcategory of Category:Women novelists by nationality. Category cleanup templates Article with insufficient categories {{Improve categories}} template indicates that the article needs additional or more specific categories. It is recommended that this template be placed at the bottom of the page, where readers will look for the categories. Article with too many categories Use {{Recategorize}} template when there are too many categories. Put this template on the top of articles. Incorrect category The {{Check category}} template can be used to flag a page that may be in the wrong category or which you believe may need adding to additional categories. It will add the page to Category:Category needs checking. Category unknown If you're not sure where to categorise a particular page, add the {{uncategorized}} template to it, and other editors (such as those monitoring Wikipedia:WikiProject Categories/uncategorized) will help find appropriate categories for it. See also Wikipedia:Categorization dos and don'ts (information page summarizing key points of this guideline) Wikipedia:Category suppression Wikipedia:WikiProject Categories m:Association of Categorist Wikipedians m:Help:Sorting Category:Wikipedia essays about categorization Wikipedia:FAQ/Categorization Help:Gadget-Cat-a-lot, script for moving subcategories between categories Wikipedia:Maintenance For browsing Wikipedia:PetScan (formerly CatScan) Wikipedia:Classification (category tree jumping) Wikipedia:Category intersection (ability to find articles that are in more than one category) Special:Categories (lists all existing categories alphabetically) Special:CategoryTree Category:Wikipedia categories For maintenance Special:Mostlinkedcategories Special:Uncategorizedimages Special:Uncategorizedpages Special:Unusedcategories Special:Wantedcategories Wikipedia:Category combinatorics Wikipedia:Database reports#Categories Template:Category link with count Notes ^ in prose, as opposed to a tabular or list form ^ In 2016, English Wikipedia's category collation was changed to "uca-default", which is based on the Unicode collation algorithm (UCA). The most noticeable difference is that UCA groups characters with diacritics with their non-diacritic versions. See Wikipedia talk:Categorization/Archive 16 § OK to switch English Wikipedia's category collation to uca-default? and Wikipedia:Village pump (technical)/Archive 149 § Sorting in categories unreliable for a few days. ^ Mathematically speaking, this means that the system approximates a directed acyclic graph. ^ This condition can be formulated in terms of graph theory as follows: the directed graph that has the categories as vertices and the parent-child relationships as edges should be acyclic. ^ There is an exception to this for maintenance purposes. For example, Category:Hidden categories is a direct subcategory of itself and of Category:Wikipedia extended-confirmed-protected pages and Category:Container categories, each of which is a direct subcategory of Category:Hidden categories. v t e Wikipedia key policies and guidelines (?) Five pillars Ignore all rules Content (?) P Verifiability No original research Neutral point of view What Wikipedia is not Biographies of living persons Copyright (Copyright violations) Image use Article titles G Notability Autobiography Citing sources Reliable sources Reliable sources (medicine) Do not include copies of lengthy primary sources Plagiarism Don't create hoaxes Fringe theories Patent nonsense External links Conduct (?) P Civility Consensus Harassment Vandalism Ignore all rules No personal attacks Ownership of content Edit warring Dispute resolution Sockpuppetry No legal threats Child protection Paid-contribution disclosure G Assume good faith Conflict of interest Disruptive editing Do not disrupt Wikipedia to illustrate a point Etiquette Gaming the system Please do not bite the newcomers Courtesy vanishing Responding to threats of harm Talk page guidelines Signatures Deletion (?) P Deletion policy Proposed deletion Biographies Criteria for speedy deletion Attack page Oversight Revision deletion Enforcement (?) P Administrators Banning Blocking Page protection Editing (?) P Editing policy G Article size Be bold Disambiguation Hatnotes Broad-concept article Understandability Style Manual of Style Contents Accessibility Dates and numbers Images Layout Lead section Linking Lists Classification Categories, lists, and navigation templates Categorization Template namespace Project content (?) G Project namespace WikiProjects User pages User boxes Shortcuts Subpages WMF (?) P Terms of Use List of policies Friendly space policy Licensing and copyright Privacy policy List of all policies and guidelines P: List of policies G: List of guidelines Summaries of values and principles v t e Wikipedia categorization Guidelines Categorization Categories, lists, and navigation templates Overcategorization Categorization of people Categorization of portals Categorization/Ethnicity, gender, religion and sexuality People by year Categorizing redirects Category names User categories Overcategorization/User categories Help pages Categories Category Classification Container category PetScan FAQ for readers FAQ for editors Template index/Category namespace Discussions Categories for discussion Categories for discussion/Speedy Categories for discussion/All current discussions Projectspace essays Categories are different from articles Categories versus lists Categorising fiction Do not write articles using categories Overcategorization/Intersection of location and occupation Wiki workflow WikiProject Plants/Description in year categories Userspace essays DexDor/Terminology categories DexDor/Categorization of award recipients Alan Liefting/On categorisation Coder Dan/Categories gracefool/What is a category? Kbdank71/Wikiproject notification Category:Wikipedia categorization Category:Contents WikiProject Categories Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Categorization&oldid=1022370115" Categories: Wikipedia editing guidelines Wikipedia categorization Wikipedia how-to Wikipedia project content guidelines Hidden categories: Project pages with short description Wikipedia semi-protected project pages Wikipedia move-protected project pages Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Meta-Wiki Wikibooks Wikinews Wikiversity Wikivoyage Wiktionary Languages Alemannisch ????????? ????????? Az??rbaycanca ???????? ?????? ??????????????? ??????????????? (????????????????) ??????????? ????????????? Bosanski Català Cebuano ??eština Dansk Davvisámegiella Deutsch Eesti ????????? Español ??????? Français Gaelg Galego ??????????? ??????? ????????? ???????? Hrvatski Interlingua Italiano ??????? ????????????????????? Kernowek Kurdî Latina Lietuvi? Magyar ???????????? ??????? ?????? ?????? Bahasa Melayu ?????????????????????????????? Nederlands ???????? ???????? O?zbekcha/????????? Plattdüütsch Polski Português Român?? Romani ??hib ?????????? Scots Shqip Sicilianu ????????? Simple English ??????? Sloven??ina Slovenš??ina ??????? ???????? / srpski Srpskohrvatski / ????????????????????? Sunda Suomi Svenska ?????? ??????????/tatarça ?????????? ????? ?????? Türkçe ?????????????? ????? Ti?ng Vi??t ???? ?????????? ??? ???? Edit links This page was last edited on 10 May 2021, at 04:09 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement