Wikipedia:WikiProject Cats - Wikipedia Wikipedia:WikiProject Cats From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search WikiProject about felids "WP:WPCAT" redirects here. For Wikipedia:WikiProject Categories, see WP:CATP. This is a WikiProject, an area for focused collaboration among Wikipedians. New participants are welcome; please feel free to participate! Guide to WikiProjects Directory of WikiProjects Shortcuts WP:WPCAT WP:FELIDS WP:MEOW Main page Participants Assessment Recognized content Templates Collaboration Enter and be welcome! "Tyger Tyger, burning bright, In the forests of the night; What immortal hand or eye, Could frame thy fearful symmetry?" ????"The Tyger", by William Blake Welcome to WikiProject Cats, a wikiproject dedicated to improving to Wikipedia's articles relating to the family of mammals known as the Felidae and commonly referred to as "cats". Any editor can help contribute to this project by looking at the tasks listed here to find something in their interest or inquire on the talk page. Anyone seeking to join should add their name to the list of active participants. Contents 1 Purpose 1.1 Goals 1.2 Scope 1.3 Parent project 2 Departments 3 Activity 3.1 Hot Articles 3.2 Article Alerts 3.3 Recent changes 4 To Do 4.1 Articles needing attention 4.2 Stubs 4.3 Requested articles 5 Most popular articles 6 All Articles 7 Recommended structure Purpose[edit] Goals[edit] To improve Wikipedia's coverage of cats by creating, expanding, and maintaining articles. To serve as the central point of cat-related article discussion. To provide guidelines and recommendations for articles about cats. Scope[edit] This project deals with the creation and editing of articles related to cats, both wild species and domestic breeds. We shall also include within the scope of this project those articles which have a direct and significant impact upon all members of the family Felidae, including such things as feline diseases and welfare. Parent project[edit] Wikipedia:WikiProject Mammals See also: WikiProject Veterinary medicine Departments[edit] The Assessment department monitors the quality of articles and indicates the relative importance of articles to this project. It is very useful in determining which articles are most in need of further attention and which are not. The Peer review is where editors can put cat-related articles up for a local peer review, which provides scrutiny and suggestions for the further improvement of the article. The Recognized content showcases Featured or Good articles, topics, and pictures, as well as a list of DYKs. The Collaboration has been inactive since August 2010. It was established to nominate an article for improvement each month. Portal:Cats - Maintain featured status. Activity[edit] If you do happen to have some free time on your hands, we would greatly appreciate if you can improve any of the articles which haven't yet reached good article status. In almost all cases on Wikipedia, particularly articles which are less than good article status, we can always use additional references and reference citations for any information in any articles. Hot Articles[edit] The articles listed below are WikiProject Cats articles that have had the most edits in the past 3 days. These pages might be undergoing significant changes or may need to be monitored for vandalism or edit wars. 14 edits Caspian tiger 5 edits List of cat breeds 4 edits Big cat 3 edits Ocelot 3 edits Cat senses These are the articles that have been edited the most within the last three days. Last updated 12 July 2021 by HotArticlesBot. Article Alerts[edit] Good article nominees 12 May 2021 – Bengal tiger (talk · edit · hist) was GA nominated by Rush922 (t · c); start discussion Articles to be merged 29 Jan 2021 – Cat exercise wheel (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for merging to Cat play and toys by Piotrus (t · c); see discussion Recent changes[edit] Participants can review the recent changes list to be aware of improvements or vandalism. To Do[edit] Articles needing attention[edit] Cleanup listing for this project is available. See also the tool's wiki page and the index of WikiProjects. Participants can look at the Category:Cats articles needing attention page that indicates the deficiencies in articles that can be improved. Articles with one or more templates questioning the content on the article page itself are placed in the category by adding |attention=yes to the project banner on the talk page. Stubs[edit] Stub cat articles that would benefit from improvement can be found here: Category:Stub-Class Cats articles Category:Feline stubs Requested articles[edit] Several red links exist in some cat related articles, and there are also several other pages which have been requested to be created. They can be found at Wikipedia:WikiProject Cats/Requested articles. Most popular articles[edit] An automatically generated list of the most visited articles is generated here on a monthly basis: Wikipedia:WikiProject Cats/Popular pages. All Articles[edit] Category:WikiProject Cats articles plus Wikipedia:WikiProject Cats/Articles Recommended structure[edit] The currently exists an article entitled List of cat breeds, which enumerates the various recognized breeds. Breed articles that already exist and are labeled with Category:Cat breeds appear on that category page, as well. Title: The article for each breed shall be titled based on the apparently most-common official breed name from the major registries. These names have been placed in the List of cat breeds page. Where the major registries are evenly split on the name, or where the breed is not recognized by the major registries, the article title shall be chosen using the most commonly used name in English language sources. Redirects: When creating a new page, redirects or disambiguations under other possible names should be created to point to the page. The article on each breed shall include the following information: The {{Infobox cat breed}} Lead section: summary of general information about the breed, brief history, brief description. History: traditional/historical info. modern breed development etc. Characteristics: physical appearance, coat types, colors, temperament etc. Health: known medical issues, etc. More? See also (optional) References External links (optional): Links to web sites that expand on the encyclopedic info provided by wikipedia. Generally excluded are local breed clubs (too many hundreds to try to maintain the links), commercial sites (where the ads or intent to sell something are blatant), forums and blogs (not particularly encyclopedic). v t e Wikipedia key policies and guidelines (?) Five pillars Ignore all rules Content (?) P Verifiability No original research Neutral point of view What Wikipedia is not Biographies of living persons Copyright (Copyright violations) Image use Article titles G Notability Autobiography Citing sources Reliable sources Reliable sources (medicine) Do not include copies of lengthy primary sources Plagiarism Don't create hoaxes Fringe theories Patent nonsense External links Conduct (?) P Civility Consensus Harassment Vandalism Ignore all rules No personal attacks Ownership of content Edit warring Dispute resolution Sockpuppetry No legal threats Child protection Paid-contribution disclosure G Assume good faith Conflict of interest Disruptive editing Do not disrupt Wikipedia to illustrate a point Etiquette Gaming the system Please do not bite the newcomers Courtesy vanishing Responding to threats of harm Talk page guidelines Signatures Deletion (?) P Deletion policy Proposed deletion Biographies Criteria for speedy deletion Attack page Oversight Revision deletion Enforcement (?) P Administrators Banning Blocking Page protection Editing (?) P Editing policy G Article size Be bold Disambiguation Hatnotes Broad-concept article Understandability Style Manual of Style Contents Accessibility Dates and numbers Images Layout Lead section Linking Lists Classification Categories, lists, and navigation templates Categorization Template namespace Project content (?) G Project namespace WikiProjects User pages User boxes Shortcuts Subpages WMF (?) P Terms of Use List of policies Friendly space policy Licensing and copyright Privacy policy List of all policies and guidelines P: List of policies G: List of guidelines Summaries of values and principles v t e WikiProject Council WikiProject guides WikiProject Council Talk Guidelines/Intro WikiProjects Task forces Technical notes Assessment FAQ Work via WikiProjects Directories and summaries Directory Proposals Signpost Shortcuts Popular pages Database reports Watchers Culture and the arts Arts Music Performing Plastic Visual Broadcasting Crafts and hobbies Entertainment Games and toys Food and drink Internet culture Language and literature Biography Linguistics Media Philosophy and religion Sports Geographical Bodies of water Cities Countries Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Landforms Maps Parks, conservation areas and historical sites History and society History and society Business and economics Education Military and warfare Politics and government Transportation Science, technology and engineering Science Biology Chemistry Economics Geosciences Information science Mathematics Medicine Meteorology Physics Space Technology Time Wikipedia assistance and tasks Contents systems Maintenance Files Article improvement and grading Classroom projects WikiProjects Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:WikiProject_Cats&oldid=1006460812" Categories: Active WikiProjects WikiProjects participating in Wikipedia 1.0 assessments WikiProject Cats WikiProject Mammals Hidden categories: Project pages with short description Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikidata Languages ??eština ??????? Français Magyar Svenska Türkçe ???? Edit links This page was last edited on 13 February 2021, at 00:45 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement