Wikipedia:Shortcut - Wikipedia Wikipedia:Shortcut From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search Wikipedia project page covering abbreviated links For other uses, see Wikipedia:Keyboard shortcuts. "WP:SHORT" redirects here. For short citations, see Wikipedia:Citing sources § Short citations. For short descriptions, see Wikipedia:Short description. "WP:SC" redirects here. For the essay on explicit materials, see Wikipedia:Sexual content. This page documents an English Wikipedia project content guideline. It is a generally accepted standard that editors should attempt to follow, though it is best treated with common sense, and occasional exceptions may apply. Any substantive edit to this page should reflect consensus. When in doubt, discuss first on the talk page. Shortcuts WP:SC WP:SHORT WP:THIS Wikipedia guidelines Guidelines list Policies list Behavioral Assume good faith Conflict of interest Courtesy vanishing Disruptive editing Don't bite the newcomers Don't edit to make a point Etiquette Don't game the system User pages Other behavioral guidelines WMF friendly space policy Discussions Talk page guidelines Signatures Content Citing sources External links Reliable sources medicine Fringe theories Non-free content Offensive material Don't copy long texts Don't create hoaxes Patent nonsense Other content guidelines Editing Article size Be bold Edit summary Understandability Other editing guidelines Organization Categories, lists, templates Categorization Disambiguation Style Manual of Style contents lists tables Deletion Deletion process Speedy keep Deletion guidelines for administrators Project content Project pages WikiProjects Templates User pages User boxes Shortcuts Subpages Other Naming conventions Notability v t e Linking and page manipulation Linking and diffs URLs Links Orphans Interlanguage links Interwiki linking Shortcuts External links External link icons Plainlinks Link color Colon trick Pipe trick Self links What links here Linksearch Manual of Style on linking Navigation templates Hatnotes Template index for links Diffs Simplest diff guide Simple diff and link guide Complete diff and link guide Categorization Category Categorization guideline Classification Container category FAQ for categorization FAQ for categories Categories, lists, and navigation templates Categorization of people By year By ethnicity, gender, religion and sexuality Redirect categories User categories Overcategorization User categories Template index for categories Moving and redirecting How to move a page for beginners Redirects Moving a page Requested moves How to fix cut-and-paste moves Moving files to Commons Userfication Template index for moving Template index for redirects Merging Merging Proposed article mergers Requests for history merge Merge and delete? Merge what? Delete or merge? Template index for merging WikiProject Merge Splitting Splitting Template index for splitting Importing and copying How to import articles Requests for page importation Import Export Copying within Wikipedia Protecting Protection Protection policy High-risk templates Requests for page protection Rough guide to semi-protection Additional How to create a page Article creation Editing Deletion process v t e A shortcut is a specialized type of redirect page that provides an abbreviated wikilink to an administrative page or one of its sections, usually from the Wikipedia namespace or Help namespace. These shortcuts' abbreviations in all-caps text are commonly used (linked or unlinked) on community pages and talk pages, but should not be used in articles themselves. If there are one or more shortcuts for a page or section, one or more will usually be chosen to be displayed in an information box on the right labelled Shortcut or Shortcuts, as can be seen at the top of this page. Shortcuts are created for the convenience of editors. It is possible to create a shortcut for any page at all. The existence of a shortcut does not imply or prove that the linked page is a policy or guideline. Contents 1 Quick reference 2 How to use a Wikipedia shortcut 3 Readability 4 Link boxes 5 Shortcut names 6 List of prefixes 6.1 Namespace aliases 6.2 Pseudo-namespaces 7 How to create a shortcut 8 Changing shortcuts 9 Limitations 10 See also Quick reference Lists of available shortcuts can be found at: WP:WP / WP:CUTS = Wikipedia:Shortcut index WP:WPR = Wikipedia:Shortcut index/Project shortcuts WT:WT = Wikipedia:Shortcuts to talk pages WP:PORTCUT = Wikipedia:Shortcut index/Portal shortcuts On Meta, shortcuts start with WM:; the list is at m:WM:WM Special:PrefixIndex can be used to find uncategorized or unlisted pages starting with a given prefix; for example, Special:PrefixIndex/CAT: will find some category shortcuts Template:Useful links contains common shortcuts that are often used linked or unlinked in editor discussions or edit summaries; hover your mouse pointer over a shortcut to see a pop-up with its article's full name in it (see § See also) How to use a Wikipedia shortcut A Wikipedia shortcut can be entered into the Wikipedia search box to quickly bring you to a project page. For example, you can type WP:R or H:R into the search box and then press the enter key (or click the magnifying glass icon), to get to the Wikipedia:Redirect page, instead of having to type in the complete phrase. Alternatively, you can use a shortcut in the URL in your browser's address bar. For example, you are currently viewing the Wikipedia:Shortcut page. The URL for this page is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Shortcut. You could then get from here to the Wikipedia:Redirect page by replacing Wikipedia:Shortcut with WP:R in the address bar, followed by pressing the enter key. (If your browser has relative URL entry, simply prefix the shortcut with ./ instead of having to edit the existing URL.) Shortcuts are presented in all capital letters (ALL CAPS); however, the search box is case-insensitive. For example, in the search box, you can type wp:r, instead of WP:R. However, when using the URL method (or when making links) it is necessary to match the capitalization of the shortcut itself. Readability Shortcut WP:SCJARGON Shortcuts are often used on talk pages in their abbreviated form, decreasing readability for the general reader. For example, some editors are familiar with the bulk of the Wikipedia namespace shortcuts, recognizing what they stand for on sight. Others, however, are faced with pages full of incomprehensible jargon, the meaning of which is not immediately clear. Shortcuts also are sometimes (ab)used to make a WP:POINT, best described by WP:WOTTA. To avoid these problems, a good practice when creating shortcuts is to choose common English words that are easily identifiable and memorable. Another good practice is to be mindful of the general reader and use meaningful terms when citing an obscure shortcut. For example, the piped link [[WP:SHC|shortcut]] gives readers an idea of the subject of the target page, while the bare abbreviation [[WP:SHC]] is unintelligible to those unfamiliar with the term. It should also be remembered that shortcuts are a convenience, not a substitute for titles. Shortcuts should not appear in "See also" sections, hatnotes or any other place where a page title is expected. Link boxes See also: Category:Wikipedia header templates Shortcut WP:LINKBOXES Small link boxes, listing the names of the page's shortcuts, appear at the top of many pages, especially those on policies and guidelines. A shortcut link box can be added to a page, by placing the template {{shortcut|WP:<x>}} (for project namespace) or {{shortcut|H:<x>}} (for Help pages) at the top of the page's text, while editing. The point of these template boxes is not to list every single redirect for any given page (that's what Special:WhatLinksHere is for). Instead, they generally should list only the most common and easily remembered redirects. Guideline pages with shortcuts pointing to them typically use {{guideline|WP:<x>}} or the {{subcat guideline}} template, such as on this page, instead of the shortcut template {{shortcut}}. Another frequently used template is: {{MoS-guideline|MOS:<x>}}. To learn more about the different shortcut box templates and their functions, see documentation at {{shortcut}}. Among other things, there are templates for making boxes flow to the left and now, anchors are automatically added, making it much simpler to link to a page section. Shortcut names Shortcut WP:SCNAMES Shortcut names are almost always in uppercase. A shortcut is typically named using the following convention: PREFIX:SUFFIX In the above form, the prefix is typically one of the prefixes in the following section, and the suffix is an acronym or abbreviation of the redirect target. However quite a lot are simply WP:BAD. If the target is a sub-page, the following conventions are common (where 'Y' is an additional sequence of uppercase characters or numerals): PREFIX:SUFFIX/Y For example, P:HVNY/DYK is a shortcut to Portal:Hudson Valley/Did you know, which is a subpage of Portal:Hudson Valley, which has a shortcut P:HVNY. WP:ACC/P is a shortcut to Wikipedia:Request an account/Procedures, which is a subpage of Wikipedia:Request an account, which has a shortcut WP:ACC. PREFIX:SUFFIXY For example, WP:AFDLT is a shortcut to Wikipedia:Articles for deletion/Log/Today, which is a subpage of Wikipedia:Articles for deletion, which has the shortcut WP:AFD. Shortcuts that do not follow the above naming convention are discouraged, and are typically deleted. The directory of shortcuts contains several conflicts for prefixes of subpages, often caused by a shortcut being 're-targeted' (modified to point to a new target page) without the shortcuts to subpages also being re-targeted. For example, WP:CJ was originally used for Wikipedia:Community Justice, and several shortcuts for subpages were created (WP:CJ/E & WP:CJ/M/1). After several years, 'WP:CJ' was updated to point to Wikipedia:Centijimbos, but the subpage shortcuts have not changed. Before creating a shortcut, use Special:PrefixIndex to ensure that the same prefix is not being used for different purposes. e.g. WP:CJ has several existing uses. No additional confusion would be caused by creating a shortcut WP:CJQ, however creating a shortcut WP:CJ/Q would be adding to the existing mess. There is a long-standing feature request to resolve shortcut subpages automatically. (See T14980.) Prefixes that shouldn't be used for other purposes include: WP:NC ??? naming conventions WP:AFD ??? articles for deletion Other prefixes have become common for a set of pages include: WP:N ??? notability List of prefixes Namespace aliases The following namespace aliases are automatically translated by the Wikipedia servers. WP: Wikipedia: WT: Wikipedia talk: Project: Wikipedia: Project talk: Wikipedia talk: Image: File: Image talk: File talk: They are case-insensitive (so wp: or wP: or Wp: have the same meaning as WP:). For example, both WP:TS and wp:TS link directly to Wikipedia:TS. One unique feature of the WP: alias is its utility in searching for vast number of project pages. This is because most project pages outside the Wikipedia namespace, will have a redirect for the Wikipedia namespace prefix appended to their title and the same for most major shortcuts to them (e.g., Help:Watchlist, with the shortcut H:W, has redirects at Wikipedia:Watchlist and at WP:W. Thus, by extension, most project pages may be found by searching using the WP: alias alone, e.g. WP:Name. For more, see Help:WP search protocol. Pseudo-namespaces When the shortcut does not use one of the namespace aliases listed above (WP or WT), it is a cross-namespace redirect and is case-sensitive. However, when a prefix is used by multiple shortcuts, and has broad community support, it is referred to as a pseudo-namespace to distinguish these shortcuts from other cross-namespace redirects. (Note that the term "pseudo-namespace" is also used to refer to namespaces without content that are provided by the MediaWiki software and extensions, such as Special:, Media:, Feedback:) The following prefixes may be used freely for the target listed. Prefix Target CAT: Category: H: Help: MOS: Wikipedia:Manual of Style P: Portal: Other prefixes do not enjoy the same level of community support. It is disputed whether they should be deemed to be pseudo-namespaces. The following prefixes are used for limited or specific uses only. T: Template: MP: Main Page The following prefixes do not enjoy broad community support. WikiProject: Wikiproject: Wikipedia:WikiProject MoS: Mos: Wikipedia:Manual of Style In addition to those two, a handful of wikiprojects have mainspace shortcuts (as of 2018)[update] using a space (which can also be an underscore) after the word, instead of a colon: WikiProject_ Wikiproject_ Wikipedia:WikiProject The second of these is no longer in use at all. Portals have occasionally also used spaces in shortcuts, e.g. "Portal X", or "X portal". Most mainspace pages containing the word are articles or redirects to articles. Technical note: The links in the table go to a page where the term prefix is not used in the meaning as it has in this section. Rather, the code PrefixIndex there means, as it does for the search parameter, "the beginning string of characters in a title", whether that string ends before, during or after the colon character in a page name. How to create a shortcut Note: The following is an example. The shortcut WP:TS already exists. Say you want to create the shortcut WP:TS to an existing page, Wikipedia:Template standardisation. Create a new page, Wikipedia:TS, and in it place the following: #REDIRECT [[Wikipedia:Template standardisation]]
{{R from shortcut}}
 The resulting shortcut will be WP:TS. If you're creating a shortcut to a category, you need to insert an additional colon (":") at the beginning of the link, as in the following. #REDIRECT [[:Category:Redirects from shortcuts]]
{{R from shortcut}}
 The template {{R from shortcut}} must always be included in this kind of redirect. It records that the redirect is a shortcut, and auto-categorizes it into Category:Redirects from shortcuts. (See Wikipedia:Template messages/Redirect pages for more information on categories of redirects.) Many shortcuts are acronyms or initialisms; others are abbreviations or single but memorable words from a longer page title. Changing shortcuts Shortcut WP:CHANGESC Technically that's easy. All it takes is to click on the shortcut wherever it is, then on the page it leads to (a shortcut is a redirect) click on the "redirected from" link near the top of the page (forcing &redirect=no in the URL when you go back to the shortcut page); edit the target #REDIRECT [[Wikipedia:Whatever]]; then add {{R from shortcut}} if that template doesn't already appear. However, before changing a shortcut, consider its existing usage: If you wish to retarget a shortcut that's already in use, you should take into account how active its target page is. For example, if you just created a WikiProject, and want a specific shortcut for it, but the one you want is already in use by another project, it's generally recommended to post a message on that project's talk page asking the members if you may change the link, even if the project is tagged as {{WikiProject status|inactive}}. Above all, check the shortcut backlinks with "what links here"; changing a shortcut used elsewhere can be highly disruptive. If you do change a shortcut under these circumstances, you should be sure to change it in the pages that linked to it as well, so that they link to the old target. If they were used in any closed deletion discussions, it is not a good idea then to change the redirect because these discussions cannot be edited. If it has no backlink, folks might still use it directly when searching. If you're not 100% sure that the old target is unused, ask about it on the shortcut's talk page. For controversial cases, go to Wikipedia:Requests for comment. After changing a shortcut, there are other pages which may need to be updated: If the shortcut is already listed on Wikipedia:List of shortcuts or a similar list like Wikipedia:Shortcuts to talk pages, please update that entry showing the new target page. If the old target page mentions its shortcut, then that also should be updated, typically in {{Shortcut}} or similar Wikipedia header templates. Limitations Redirects (including shortcuts) to pages on other projects and special pages won't work???this formerly supported feature was abused and hence it has been disabled. The software will display the redirect page instead of redirecting the user to the target. Some redirects to other projects and special pages use the template {{soft redirect}}; however, shortcuts that are a soft redirects will appear in the pool of pages that are selected by Special:Random. Soft redirects are categorised into Category:Wikipedia soft redirects. See also Wikipedia:Redirect Wikipedia:Cross-namespace redirects Wikipedia:List of shortcuts Wikipedia:List of shortcuts/Project shortcuts (WP:WPR) — WikiProjects and Projects list of shortcuts Wikipedia:Shortcuts to talk pages (WP:WT) — all 'Wikipedia talk:' namespace (namespace 5) talk pages WP:WOTTA, on what NOT to do Wikipedia:WikiProject Shortcuts Meta:Meta:Shortcut (m:WM:WM), shortcuts on Meta Meta:Special:URLShortener, for creating global shortcuts to WMF project pages Category:Redirects from shortcuts Wikipedia:Database reports/Cross-namespace redirects Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Shortcut&oldid=1029274440" Categories: Wikipedia project content guidelines Wikipedia features Wikipedia how-to Wikipedia link help Wikipedia page help Hidden categories: Project pages with short description Wikipedia semi-protected project pages Wikipedia move-protected project pages Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Meta-Wiki Multilingual Wikisource Wikibooks Wikidata Wikinews Wikisource Wikivoyage Wiktionary Languages Afrikaans Alemannisch ????????? ????????? Asturianu Az??rbaycanca ???????? ?????? Bân-lâm-gú ?????????????? ??????????????? (????????????????) ??????????? ????????????? Català ??eština Dansk Deutsch Dolnoserbski ????????? Español Esperanto ??????? Føroyskt Français ??????????? ???? ??????? ???????? Hornjoserbsce Hrvatski Bahasa Hulontalo Ilokano Bahasa Indonesia ??slenska Italiano ??????? Jawa ????????????????????? ?????????? ????????????? Latina Lombard Magyar ??????? Malti ??????????????????????????? ????????????? Bahasa Melayu Mirandés Nederlands ???????? ???????? Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk ??????? ?????? Polski Português Român?? ?????????? Scots ????????? Simple English ??????? Sloven??ina Slovenš??ina ??l?nski Soomaaliga ???????? / srpski Srpskohrvatski / ????????????????????? Suomi Svenska ?????? ????? ?????? Türkçe ?????????????? ????? Ti?ng Vi??t ??? ???? Edit links This page was last edited on 18 June 2021, at 23:51 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement