Help:About help pages - Wikipedia Help:About help pages From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search For the main description of Wikipedia, see Wikipedia:About Wikipedia information page This is an information page. It is not one of Wikipedia's policies or guidelines, but rather intends to describe some aspect(s) of Wikipedia's norms, customs, technicalities, or practices. It may reflect varying levels of consensus and vetting. Shortcuts H:A H:ABOUT This page in a nutshell: This is a general information page about Wikipedia's help system. For the primary "help page", see Help:Contents or browse the Help menu or the Help directory. Contents 1 About the help system 2 How to utilize help 2.1 Where to start for new editors 2.2 Searching help pages 2.3 Navigating help pages 2.4 Interactive assistances 3 Contributing to the help pages About the help system See also: Wikipedia:Project namespace § Wikipedia how-to and information pages The help resource system of Wikipedia consists of a wide variety of how-to and information pages, written to differing levels of technical expertise and in widely varying styles. This variety however has its flaws: it is easy to navigate to a page that regurgitates the same information, contains concepts that have not already been covered, is overly complicated for one's needs, or pages with a listing of links to other pages with listings of links. Information is also spread over a variety of namespace prefixes. The Wikipedia namespace (prefix Wikipedia:): contains many types of pages connected with the Wikipedia project itself: basic information (e.g., Wikipedia:Administration), policies (e.g., Wikipedia:Editing policy), guidelines (e.g., Wikipedia:Manual of Style), essays (e.g., Wikipedia:Reasonability rule), how-to pages (e.g., Wikipedia:Purging). The Help namespace (prefix Help:): contains pages which provide help in using Wikipedia and its software, both for users of the encyclopedia and for editors (e.g., Help:Footnotes). However the Wikipedia namespace also contains many help style pages that in some cases contain repeated information or more detailed information. For example, Wikipedia:Media help and Help:Files are help pages located in different prefixes covering some of the same information presented in differing levels of technical expertise. There are also pages that have completely different styles of presenting the same information (e.g., Help:Referencing for beginners and Help:Introduction to referencing). For this reason redirects and hatnotes are often set up between these two namespaces. Aside from the static pages there are a multitude of interactive assistances pages see, Wikipedia:Requests for a listing of those. How to utilize help Where to start for new editors If you would like to get a good overview of the whole project and how it works, you could read through the introductory page at Wikipedia:Contributing to Wikipedia or go through the tutorial at Help:Introduction. Help:Getting started contains a listing of introductions and tutorials on the various aspects of Wikipedia. If you just want help on how to read Wikipedia, see Wikipedia:FAQ/Readers. For information on searching and browsing the encyclopedia, see Help:Navigation. Searching help pages If you type keywords of your question into the search box, a page relevant to your question will usually turn up in the search results, e.g. 'How do I create an article?' ( type in 'create an article' ), 'What size are thumbnails?' ( type in 'thumbnail size' ). The search needs to be limited to the help pages using the advanced search page (which appears after you have clicked 'search') or you can use the search box in Help:contents (accessed at any time by clicking Help displayed on the left side of all pages.). This is duplicated below. Help Wikipedia Template Navigating help pages Help:Contents is the main help page that will guide you in the right direction. Frequently asked questions are listed by general topic at Wikipedia:FAQ (great place for fast info). Help:Menu is a menu-style page that will direct you to the right place to find information. Help:Directory is a descriptive listing of Wikipedia's informative, instructional and consultation pages. Category:Wikipedia information pages and Category:Wikipedia how-to are the main subcategories listing help pages. The help portal nearby will direct you to the main "help contents" page. Help portal The templates below outlines Wikipedia's help pages and can be viewed at the bottom of related articles. {{Wikipedia help pages}} {{Wikipedia technical help}} {{Basic information}} See also: Wikipedia: The Missing Manual is a converted book that covers most subjects, split into 21 chapters. Interactive assistances You can ask for help on using Wikipedia at the help desk and teahouse. General information questions can be asked at the reference desk. Contributing to the help pages Like articles, most of the help pages can be edited - so feel free to improve any pages you come across. When a high traffic page has been protected to help prevent vandalism, suggestions can still be made on the talk page. Some coordination happens at Wikipedia:Help Project. Find this page confusing? Just use this link to ask for help on your talk page; a volunteer will visit you there shortly! Wikipedia help pages Visit the Teahouse or the Help desk for an interactive Q & A forum. FAQs (?) Reference desks (?) Noticeboards (?) Cheatsheet (?) Directories (?) About Wikipedia (?) Administration Purpose Principles Policies and guidelines What Wikipedia is not Disclaimer (parental advice) Making requests Who writes Wikipedia? Help for readers (?) FAQ Books Copyright Glossary Mobile access Navigation Other languages Searching Students Viewing media Contributing to Wikipedia (?) Advice for young editors Avoiding common mistakes Etiquette Simplified Manual of Style Simplified rule-set "Ignore all rules" "The rules are principles" Style-tips Tip of the day Your first article (article wizard) Getting started (?) Why create an account? Introductions by topic Graphics tutorials Picture tutorial IRC (live chat) tutorial VisualEditor user guide Dos and don'ts (?) Accessibility Biographies Biographies (living) Categorization Consensus Discussions Disambiguation Images Leads Links Lists References Tables Titles (of articles) How-to pages and information pages (?) Appealing blocks Article deletion Categories Citations/references Referencing for beginners Citation Style 1 Cite errors References and page numbers Convert Diff Editing Minor edit toolbar edit conflict Find sources Files Footnotes Image deletion Infoboxes Linking (link color) Logging in Merging Page name Renaming pages Redirect Passwords Email confirmation Reverting Simple vandalism cleanup Talk pages (archiving) User contributions WP search protocol Coding (?) Wiki markup Barcharts Calculations Characters Columns Hidden text HTML Lists Magic words Music symbols Sections Sounds Tables Templates Transclusion URL Visual files Directories (?) Abbreviations Contents (Encyclopedia proper) Departments Editor's index Essays FAQs Glossary Guidelines Manual of Style Policies Tasks Tips Tools Missing Manual Ask for help on your talk page (?) v t e Wikipedia technical help Get personal technical help at the Teahouse, Help desk, Village pump (technical), talk pages or IRC. General technical help Browser notes Bypass cache Keyboard shortcuts Troubleshooting Editing CharInsert Edit conflict Edit toolbar Reverting How to create a page IRC Tutorial Mobile access Multilingual support Page history Page information Page name Help Printing Software notices Editnotice Special Characters Entering User access levels VisualEditor User guide Special page-related Special page help Edit filter Emailing users Logging in Reset passwords Logs Moving a page Fixing cut-and-paste moves Notifications/Echo FAQ Page Curation Page import Pending changes Random pages Recent changes Related changes Searching Linksearch Tags User contributions Watchlist What links here Wikitext Wikitext Cheatsheet Columns Line-break handling Lists Magic words For beginners Conditional expressions Switch parser function Time function Redirects Sections and TOCs Tables Introduction Basics Advanced table formatting Collapsing Conditional tables Sorting Using colours Links and diffs Links Interlanguage Interwiki Permanent Diffs Simplest diff guide Simple diff and link guide Complete diff and link guide Colon trick Link color Pipe trick URLs Media files: images, videos and sounds Media help Files Creation and usage Moving files to Commons Images Introduction to images Picture tutorial Preparing images for upload Uploading images Options to hide an image Extended image syntax SVG help Gallery tag Graphics tutorials Basic bitmap image editing How to improve image quality Graphics Lab resources Sound file markup Visual file markup Other graphics Family trees Graphs and charts How to create Barcharts To scale charts Math formulas Math symbols LaTeX symbols Rendering math Musical scores Musical symbols Timeline EasyTimeline syntax WikiHiero syntax Templates and Lua modules Templates Advanced template coding Template documentation Template index Template limits Template sandbox and test cases Citation templates Lua help Lua project Resources To do Substitution Purge Job queue Transclusion Labeled section Guide to Scribbling Data structure Namespaces Main/Article Category Draft File File description page Help Portal Project/Wikipedia Talk Archiving Template User User page design MediaWiki Bug reports and feature requests System message TimedMediaHandler extension Module Special HTML and CSS Cascading Style Sheets HTML in wikitext Catalogue of CSS classes Common.js and common.css User CSS for monospaced coding font Classes in microformats Markup validation Span tags Useful styles Customisation and tools Preferences Gadgets Skins Citation tools Cleaning up vandalism tools Customizing watchlists Hide pages IRC Scripts User scripts Guide Techniques User style Tools Alternative browsing Browser tools Editing tools Navigation shortcuts Optimum tool set Wikimedia Cloud Services Beta Features at MediaWiki Automated editing AfC helper script AutoWikiBrowser Bots Creating HotCat Huggle Navigation popups RedWarn Twinkle WPCleaner Inactive igloo STiki See also: Category:Wikipedia how-to Category:Wikipedia information pages Further navigation at: Help pages Administrators Accessibility Accounts Bots Referencing Citation metadata Templates User scripts v t e Basic information on Wikipedia Help directory menu Reference desk Help desk About Wikipedia Administration FAQs Purpose Who writes Wikipedia? Organization Censorship Why create an account? In brief General disclaimer What Wikipedia is not Readers' FAQ Parental advice Navigation Searching Viewing media Help Mobile access Other languages Researching with Wikipedia Citing Wikipedia Students help Readers' index Copyright Book creation Contributing to Wikipedia Main introduction List of tutorials and introductions The answer Dos and don'ts Learning the ropes Common mistakes Newcomer primer Simplified ruleset Your first article Wizard Young Wikipedians The Adventure Protocols and conventions Five pillars Simplified ruleset Simplified MoS Etiquette Expectations Oversight Principles Ignore all rules The rules are principles Core content policies Policies and guidelines Policies Guidelines Vandalism Appealing blocks Getting assistance Requests for help Disputes resolution requests IRC live chat Tutorial Village pump Contact us Wikipedia community Community portal Dashboard Noticeboards Departments Maintenance Task Center Essays Meetups WikiProjects Sourcing and referencing Finding sources Combining sources Referencing Citations Citation Style 1 Citation templates Footnotes Page numbers Cite errors Information Editing Toolbar Conflict VisualEditor User guide Category Diffs Email confirmation Infoboxes Linking Link color Manual of Style Simplified Namespaces Page name URLs User contribution pages Using talk pages Archiving Image and media files Images Media files How-to Guide to page deletion Image deletion Logging in Merging pages Page renaming Requests Redirecting Reset passwords Reverting Simple vandalism cleanup Uploading images Wiki markup Wiki markup Cheatsheet Barcharts Calculations Columns HTML Lists Magic words For beginners Music symbols Sections Sounds Special Characters Tables Templates Documentation Index Tools Transclusion Visual file markup Tutorial Directories Abbreviations Contents Edit summaries Essays Glossary Index The Missing Manual Shortcuts Tips Tip of the day Wikis Teahouse (interactive help for new editors) Ask for help on your talk page (a volunteer will visit you there) Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Help:About_help_pages&oldid=990119408" Categories: Wikipedia information pages Wikipedia basic information Reader help Wikipedia newcomers Hidden categories: Wikipedia semi-protected project pages Help pages with short description Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Help page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Meta-Wiki Languages Brezhoneg ?????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????? Edit links This page was last edited on 22 November 2020, at 22:42 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement