Wikipedia:What Wikipedia is not/Outtakes - Wikipedia Wikipedia:What Wikipedia is not/Outtakes From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia < Wikipedia:What Wikipedia is not Jump to navigation Jump to search Humorous Wikipedia essay This is a humorous essay. It contains the advice or opinions of one or more Wikipedia contributors. This page is not one of Wikipedia's policies or guidelines, as it has not been thoroughly vetted by the community. Some essays represent widespread norms; others only represent minority viewpoints. Shortcut WP:NOTO What Wikipedia is not ??? Outtakes is a composition that explores the Wikipedia official policy What Wikipedia is not. As noted in that policy, "Wikipedia is an online encyclopedia and, as a means to that end, an online community of individuals interested in building a high-quality encyclopedia in a spirit of mutual respect. Therefore, there are certain things that Wikipedia is not." For example, Wikipedia content is not a paper encyclopedia, a dictionary, a blog or webspace provider, or a crystal ball and the Wikipedia community is not a democracy, bureaucracy, battleground, or an anarchy. Importantly, Wikipedia is not censored. However, since What Wikipedia is not was first developed beginning at least as early as September 24, 2001, a number of proposed additions never made it in. This essay looks at portions of the policy that were removed in the editing process and not included in the work's final, publicly released version. In addition, it looks at portions of the policy that may have been removed had they been added in the editing process, but nonetheless have relevance to the policy. In effect, What Wikipedia is not – Outtakes may provide a perspective to the What Wikipedia is not official policy to provide the reader a better understanding of what Wikipedia is not. Note: Some really bad jokes are now at Wikipedia:What Wikipedia is not/BJAODN. Contents 1 W1K1P3D14 15 N07 4 P14C3 F0R 13375P34K 2 Wikipedia aint no place for grammars that is bad 3 Wikipedia is not a cabal 4 Wikipedia is not a game 5 Wikipedia is not a kitten 6 Wikipedia is not a lightbulb 7 Wikipedia is not a mobile phone company 8 Wikipedia not is a place for cybersex 9 Wikipedia is not a place for perky people 10 Wikipedia is not a place for vandalism 10.1 Wikipedia is not a guttermouth convention 10.1.1 Wikipedia is not a song parody 11 Wikipedia is not a place for whatever vandalism or disruption is happening above 12 Wikipedia is not a place to create of secret hidden messages 13 Wikipedia is not a place to dump large quantities of material copied from "My Documents" 14 Wikipedia is not a place to find The Truth 15 Wikipedia is not a place to leave out punctuation 16 Wikipedia is not a place to post half-finished sentences 17 Wikipedia is not a place to invent new spelling and grammar 18 Wikipedia is not a place to prepend "Wiki" to EVERY word 19 wikipedia isn't a place to hang out 20 Wkpd 's nt 'n 'bjd 21 Wikipedia is not a place to sabotage articles with personal info 22 Wikipedia is not a place to tell really filthy but totally funny jokes 23 Wikipedia is not a place to type things while not looking at your keyboard 24 Wikipedia is not a place 25 Wikipedia is not a site opposing random and trivial fictional stuff 26 Wikipedia is not a soapbox 27 Wikipedia is not a text adventure 28 Wikipedia is not able 29 Wikipedia is no table 30 Wikipedia is not, according to the Blogosphere any of these 31 Wikipedia is not an airline 32 Wikipedia is not an infinite source of processing power 33 Wikipedia is not an MMORPG 34 sdrawkcab ton si aidepikiW 35 Wikipedia is not an anagram 36 Wikipedia is not communism 37 Wikipedia is not fake 38 Wikipedia is not for disambiguity 39 Wikipedia is not for profit 40 Wikipedia is not for you 41 Wikipedia is not fun 42 Wikipediä ist nicht nur für Deutsche 43 Wikipedia is not Pokémon 43.1 Wikipedia is not a Pokémon 44 Wikipedia is not porn 45 Wikipedia is not racist 46 Wikipedia is not Soviet Russia 47 Wikipedia is not the answer to life, the universe and everything 48 Wikipedia is not the Death Note 49 Wikipedia is not the Second Coming[dubious – discuss] 50 Wikipedia is not to help you see your boyfriend 51 Wikipedia is not usually like this page 52 Wikipedia is not the USA 53 Wikipedia is not the world 54 Wikipedia is not WP:BJAODN 55 Wikipedia is not written in code 56 Wikipedia is not your diary 57 People 57.1 Wikipedia is not David Hasselhoff 57.2 Wikipedia is not Fenton the Dog 57.3 Wikipedia is not the Messiah 57.4 Wikipedia is not your spouse 57.5 Wikipedia is not Viki 57.6 Wikipedia is not Donald Trump 58 Other websites 58.1 Wikipedia is not 4chan 58.2 Wikipedia is not DeviantArt 58.3 Wikipedia is not Encyclopedia Dramatica 58.4 Wikipedia is not Facebook 58.5 Wikipedia is not GoDaddy 58.6 Wikipedia is not Uncyclopedia 58.7 Wikipedia is not Google 58.8 Wikipedia is not TV Tropes 59 Wikipedia is not the place to interrupt people 60 Wikipedia is not 60.1 a place 60.1.1 to create 60.1.1.1 infinite 60.1.1.1.1 subheadings 61 Wikipedia is not Illuminati confirmed. 62 Wikipedia is not a long list of things Wikipedia is not 63 Wikipedia is not an pie-throwing contest 64 Wikipedia is not an skipping record player 65 Wikipedia is not a person 66 Wikipedia is not a place where people are capable of being wrong 67 Wikipedia is not a place where unexplainable objects are kept to prevent the public from knowing about them 67.1 Message from (Redacted) 68 Wikipedia is not a Lego set 69 Wikipedia is not Wikipedia 70 Footnotes 70.1 Wikipedia is not under the footnotes 71 Wikipedia is not Florida Man 72 Wikipedia is not [INSERT FUNNY WORD HERE] 73 Wikipedia is not a square 74 Wikipedia is not part of the dark web 75 Wikipedia is not the wikipedia logo 76 Wikipedia is also not 77 Wikipedia is not forgetful of citations W1K1P3D14 15 N07 4 P14C3 F0R 13375P34K[edit] 1f u y00z l3375p33k h3r3, u w111 g37 pwn3d. Wikipedia aint no place for grammars that is bad[edit] There aint gonna be some grammar that not readable? Or otherwise some Grammar Nazes and Grammar Policiz could can go to you house and arrests you be makes however a exceptional. Wikipedia is not a cabal[edit] Wikipedia is only run by a cabal. Of thousands. But don't worry – you, too, can join the cabal by making a history of constructive, high-quality edits. That, and learn the secret password. (It's "Swordfish.") There Is No Cabal (TINC). We discussed this at the last Cabal meeting, and everyone agreed that There Is No Cabal. An announcement was made in Cabalist: The Official Newsletter of The Cabal making it clear that There Is No Cabal. The words "There Is No Cabal" are in ten-foot letters on the side of the 42-story International Cabal Headquarters, and an announcement that There Is No Cabal is shown at the start of every program on The Cabal Network. If that doesn't convince people that There Is No Cabal, I don't know what will. --Guy Macon (talk) 09:53, 18 March 2019 (UTC) Wikipedia is not a game[edit] Do you think this is some kind of game? (WP:MMORPG notwithstanding.) Wikipedia is not a kitten[edit] Though sometimes cute and cuddly, Wikipedia is not a kitten. Please do not stroke it lovingly. Wikipedia is not a lightbulb[edit] It is worth noting that if an engineer builds a better lightbulb, this engineering will have no noticeable impact on Wikipedia policies, guidelines or consensus. [1] Wikipedia is not a mobile phone company[edit] So it won't send you either a £500,000 phone bill[2] or send you a 300-page bill. Wikipedia not is a place for cybersex[edit] Nor is it a blonde 19-year old twink. Trust us on this. Wikipedia is not a place for perky people[edit] ^_^ ;) <_< :D ^-^ (= >_> :P ^^ :3 Wikipedia is not a place for vandalism[edit] You said: "I think you are being anal retentive and a hardass, i see how the comments on the talk page of that are unconstrucitve but it was a joke and i thought that it would be okay on the talk page. regarding + Did anyone else think that this is some funny shit!?Cholga 19:02, 19 September 2006 (UTC) that is not vandalism it was a legitimate question about what people thought about the colbert report thing. WHAT OTHER VANDALISM ARE YOPU TALKING ABOUT, YOU SAID YOU COULD COME UP WITH ANOTHER EXAMPLE I AM FURIOUS I AM USING BOLD I AM A SUPERSTAR SHOW ME THE MONEY? I WOULD LIKE TO SEE THESE SUPPOSED OTHER EXAMPLES Chola out" I'm complaining about your claim that you have elephants in your back yard, that elephants live in Antarctica, and that they are overpopulating the world. Article discussion pages are to be used for improving the quality of the article and this is noted at the top of that particular article. Unconstructive edits are considered vandalism. --Yamla 19:38, 19 September 2006 (UTC) Can you give me a link to Cholga's funny revisions about elephants from Antarctica overpopulating the world in their backyard? I'd like to read it. Thanks. --Darth Tacker (talk) 23:36, 18 September 2016 (UTC) @Darth Tacker: Here. Hanif Al Husaini (talk) 15:23, 14 October 2020 (UTC) Wikipedia is not a guttermouth convention[edit] So please refrain from using profanity. Or else I'm bringing the mammoths back from extinction and let them take over the Illuminati so you'll never explode on us again like a pig wearing a torpedo on his macaroni and T-shirts again that have the letter = on it. And don't climb the angry mastodons dressed as a ton of bricks! And if you find yourself digging deeper Kool-aids, stop being a jerk! Wikipedia is not a song parody[edit] Hey I just met you ??? and this is crazy ??? but I hate swearing ??? so stop it maybe Wikipedia is not a place for whatever vandalism or disruption is happening above[edit] So please don't do what whoever is doing that nonsense above Wikipedia articles. That's just stupid. Wikipedia is not a place to create of secret hidden messages[edit] By embedding them in blocks of otherwise innocuous text. Did I just give something away? Wikipedia is not a place to dump large quantities of material copied from "My Documents"[edit] Except for here: The book Animal Farm is, clearly, a fictional story. However, this allegory's connection to the early days of Communist Russia is all too true. The leading pigs of the Farm take control, not only of the establishment, but also of the residents. They are able to mislead the all-too-ignorant populace into thinking whatever they do is a good thing for all. The crookedness of Animal Farm's government is shown from the very start, and comes through to the end, culminating in a slogan that was all too true when the real-life correlation to this story happened not so long ago. The first flavor I would like to see is sweet onion. I like raw onions and I know that other people do too. In addition, the onion jelly bean would mix well with some of your existing jelly bean flavors. Another flavor that I thought would be exciting and popular is the egg flavored jelly bean. Many people I know eat eggs at all times of the day and so I think it would be a popular choice. Last, but not least, is the broccoli jelly bean. I understand that broccoli jelly beans might not sound very popular at first, but you could make them be a healthy snack to eat. If they were healthy, parents could get their kids to eat broccoli in a rather sweet way. In the dining room, many pesky monsters roam, namely Werewolves and Headless Specters. However, they are no match for the mighty football helmet! Some of the collapsing floor tiles have snack boxes hidden directly under them. Jump quickly and take the risk of falling to grab these delicious packets of tastiness. Sometimes, the menacing lit fireplace may breathe fire, guarding a snack box. Time your jump carefully and snag it without being roasted. If you head-smash some webs against the wall, it will take you into a closet with some snacks and sandwiches in it. Although you might always have a full five dog-tags in health, it is a helpful oasis. (It's also fun to stand in the right place and get the view from the inside of a rotating sandwich!) Wikipedia is not a place to find The Truth[edit] The Truth is out there ... wait, sorry, I mean out there. Really. I mean it. Turn off the computer and go outside now. You have had enough for one day. Wikipedia is not a place to leave out punctuation[edit] Main article: Russell T Davies It gets really confusing if you leave out punctuation marks please use them it makes long sentences easier to read and makes it clear exactly what you are on about Wikipedia is not a place to post half-finished sentences[edit] Half-finished articles and Candlejack are fine, but please finish your sen Poor thing ??? only did it for the lulz. Wikipedia is not a place to invent new spelling and grammar[edit] It hinders communication if we don't use the same spelling or grammar. Yes, you can decide to use non-standard fleemishes and the reader can still gloork the meaning from the context, but there ix a limit; If too many ot the vleeps are changed, it becomes harder and qixer to fllf what the wethcz is blorping, and evenually izs is bkb longer possible to ghilred frok at wifx. Dnighth? Ngfipht yk ur! Uvq the hhvd or hnnngh. Blorgk? Blorgk! Blorgkity-blorgk!!!! Wikipedia is not a place to prepend "Wiki" to EVERY word[edit] Wikiso wikidon't wikido wikiit wikibecause wikiit wikiis wikivery wikiannoying. Wikipedians Wikiquette Wiktionary Wikify WIKIEVERYTHING!!!! wikipedia isn't a place to hang out[edit] okay? aight dude yeah the other day i got hit by some bcycle n broke my knee how abt u? dude woah i mean thats so cool woah UwU i hope youre doing fine ya i had a nice walk today cool lets meet at the tea room at 3 am Wkpd 's nt 'n 'bjd[edit] Wkpd 's 'ctlly wrttn wth th Ltn scrpt. ' hp y'r frm th mddl 'st. Wikipedia is not a place to sabotage articles with personal info[edit] Wkipedia is not the place to explain that Jim Hersha is a 12th grader in Arkansas who loves chocolate and bums. Wikipedia is not a place to tell really filthy but totally funny jokes[edit] I told you it wasn't. Wait a second, it so is ... Wikipedia is not a place to type things while not looking at your keyboard[edit] so please do not ro any of tjat pm wpolo[edoa. Conversely, you could learn to touch type, which produces this much clearer sentence. Wikipedia is not a place[edit] At all, really. Not really. Wikipedia is not a site opposing random and trivial fictional stuff[edit] On the contrary. Wikibooks and Wikia were created for a reason. Wikipedia is not a soapbox[edit] So don't expect to find any leftovers for the next batch of laundry (ba-dum-psssh). And don't expect to have an audience for your jokes =) Wikipedia is not a text adventure[edit] You have been eaten by a Grue Restore, Restart, or Quit? Granted, we have edit counts for levels (but not to the extent of Everything 2); edit distribution and other stats; administrators, arbitrators, vandals, and so on for classes; sockpuppets for using "summons" on a hacked character; over 1.3 million players; over 1,130,000 locations (including 900+ Featured towns and cities), pubs (talk pages); quest rewards (barnstars); boss battles (FAC); class change trials (RFA), and battle arenas (AIV). Wikipedia is not able[edit] Whoops, sorry, I meant to say that Wikipedia is notable. Wikipedia is no table[edit] But it goes. Wikipedia is not, according to the Blogosphere any of these[edit] It's really amazing to learn the things that Wikipedia is not ... Wikipedia is not a load of old cobblers Wikipedia is not a revolution Wikipedia is not a viral marketing tool Wikipedia is not alone Wikipedia is not an atomistic universe of monkeys each at its own typewriter Wikipedia is not an epistemology silver bullet Wikipedia is not doomed Wikipedia is not not doomed Wikipedia is not just one more new gizmo arriving on the scene Wikipedia is not so human Wikipedia is not the answer Wikipedia Is Not the Lovefest We Thought Wikipedia is Not the Next Google, and furthermore, Wikipedia is not all powerful over Google Wikipedia is not the truth! Wikipedia is not Wiki Wikipedia is not an airline[edit] Wikipedia cannot process your flight arrangements, and Wikipedia does not have cheap flights. It also doesn't charge $2/min for a phone call. Wikipedia is not an infinite source of processing power[edit] So please don't add lots of links, you could use up its bandwidth and the bandwidth is needed for real articles. Thank you very much. Wikipedia is not an MMORPG[edit] Main page: Wikipedia:Wikipedia is an MMORPG sdrawkcab ton si aidepikiW[edit] .si siht ,nosaer emos rof tuB Wikipedia is not an anagram[edit] I aped again, Roman kiwi ants. Wikipedia is not communism[edit] Despite the assertions of many a vandal, Wikipedia is not, in fact, communism. Jimbo Wales is not really Che Guevara, Emma Goldman, or Stalin; Larry Sanger is not Trotsky; and Wikipedia was not founded in a bloody and violent armed revolution against Encyclopædia Brittanica imperialism. Furthermore, no matter what anyone will tell you, Wikipedia is not owned in common by the workers. Wikipedia belongs to the world. From each according to his/her convenience and addiction, to each according to his/her bandwidth (as long as the site is still up). In fact, Wikipedia is the opposite of communism. Communism succeeds in theory but fails in practice[original research?][citation needed][dubious – discuss]; Wikipedia fails in theory but succeeds in practice[original research?][citation needed][dubious – discuss]. Actually no, Wikipedia is communism. Sorry.[original research?][citation needed][dubious – discuss] Wikipedia is not fake[edit] Contrary to professional opinion opinion.[3] Wikipedia is not for disambiguity[edit] Wikipedia is not a place for disambiguity or Purple Toe-Eating fungus. Is it? Wikipedia is not for profit[edit] Wikipedia is run by Wikimedia, not Wikia. Wikipedia is not for you[edit] Not for you. Wikipedia is not fun[edit] Yeah, right. It's all just fun and games, isn't it? Wikipediä ist nicht nur für Deutsche[edit] Hauptartikel: Wikipedia:En.Wiki is not De.Wiki Wikipediä ist für die Welt. Ja, die deutsche Wikipediä ist populärer als die Englische Wikipediä, ja, Deutschland hat die einzige gedruckte Wikipediä-Editiön der Welt. Ja, Wikipediä unterstützt ??nicöde, was die ganzen ??mläüte möglich macht. Ja der ??bermensch Jimbo Wäles wurde prophezeit vom deutschen Philösöphen Friedrich Nietzsche. Und schlie??lich, ja, Wikipediä ist wird mit einem "V-soünd" ausgesprochen, wie Sie es nennen auf Englisch. Nichtsdestotrotz, Wikipediä ist nicht nur für Deutsche! (Wikipedia is for the World. Yes, German Wikipedia is more popular than English Wikipedia. Yes, Germany has the only printed Wikipedia edition in the world. Yes, Wikipedia supports unicode, for Löts öf ümläuts. Yes, Jimbo Wales the Superman is prophesied by German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche. And finally, yes, Wikipedia is pronounced with a "V-sound" as you call it in English. Nonetheless, Wikipedia is not only for Germans!) Wikipedia is not Pokémon[edit] You will not attain eight Featured Article badges, you won't be going to fight the Elite Four (Raul, Larry, Curps, and Kasuga) and the Champion (Jimbo). Wikipedia is not a Pokémon[edit] Wikipe wikipedia pedi pedia. Wikipedia is not porn[edit] Main page: not porn Wikipedia is not racist[edit] Anyone of all faiths, origins and nationalities and is willing enough to contribute to Wikipedia in good faith is welcome to edit away (actually that might be a good one with a few tweaks). Wikipedia is not Soviet Russia[edit] Main article: Russian Reversal In Soviet Russia, Wikipedia edits YOU! Wikipedia is not the answer to life, the universe and everything[edit] You see, the address you are looking for is 42 World Wide Web Boulevard. You are at 42 Wikipedia Boulevard. Wrong street. Google says so. Wikipedia does however, know the Ultimate Answer to Life, The Universe, and Everything. Wikipedia is not the Death Note[edit] So no, writing someone's name in here will not kill someone. Although there are exceptions. Just as planned! ohhh harsh Wikipedia is not the Second Coming[dubious – discuss][edit] Wikipedia is bigger than Jesus.[4] Wikipedia is even bigger than the Beatles![5] Hell, it's even bigger than me.[6] But only just. Wikipedia is even making a run at porn.[7] Wikipedia is more important than life.[8] Wikipedia is bigger than the universe.[9] Where will this end? Wikipedia is not to help you see your boyfriend[edit] Which didn't occur to Rebecca. Wikipedia is not usually like this page[edit] So if you happen to be here, disregard this page as humorous ramblings by editors who have little to very little life and want fame and fortune and everything that goes with it. Wikipedia is not the USA[edit] Oh wait ... Wikipedia is not the world[edit] The USA is. Wikipedia is not WP:BJAODN[edit] So don't delete it and replace it with a historical page Wikipedia is not written in code[edit] let section = ("Wikipedia is not written in code") & if {
readerMood = (bored) then closeWindow;
else:
keepReading OR vomitUncontrollably;
repeatUntil laughter = (stopped) &then:
changePants (underwear) + changePants (trousers) & remember ("use bathroom before laughing")
if pants = (not wet/soiled) then continue reading|letter|word|line|paragraph|section|page
{&if
page = (boring) then (2F@$&ingBad4u) and mood= (Angry) ??? XP
soThen
vandaliseUncontrollably}
&endFunction} loopIf
discoveredByAdmin = false
}else{
if discoveredByAdmin = true then {
run4Life &pray that JimboWales (know) = doesNot
else
bleedOn (floor) & (mercy)begFor
ifDead then Pwn3d = true
endStatement}
}
bleep
end
 Wikipedia is not your diary[edit] For more information, see this page. People[edit] Wikipedia is not David Hasselhoff[edit] It is true that Wikipedia is far more popular in Germany than in its native United States. It is true that Wikipedia is often surrounded by attractive women in bikinis. And it is true that Wikipedia has more "cool" and "sex appeal" than any other 1980's TV star. Despite these similarities, however, Wikipedia is not David Hasselhoff. Wikipedia is not Fenton the Dog[edit] So for God's sake do not run through Richmond Park shouting its name! Wikipedia is not the Messiah[edit] He's a very naughty boy. Wikipedia is not your spouse[edit] Need I explain more? Wikipedia is not Viki[edit] That is very disrespectful. Wikipedia is not Donald Trump[edit] If you think that then you're fired. Other websites[edit] Wikipedia is not 4chan[edit] ????????????? 12/29/07(Fri)16:08 No. 180810361 Replies: >>240852619 >>173061049 gtfo newfag (USER WAS BANNED FOR THIS POST) Anonymous 09/25/08(Thu)08:14 No. 240852619 Replies: >>240852619 >>180810361 NO U Anonymous 09/25/08(Thu)08:14 No. 240852619 >>240852619 looksonthisthreadisgay.jpg m??t !!????8??ui8Vw2 ## ??dm??n 09/25/08(Thu)08:14 No. 240852619 hay guise, wats goin on this thread? Anonymous 09/25/08(Thu)08:14 No. 240852619 >>180253666 666 GET Wikipedia is not DeviantArt[edit] Yay! First comment! You've been tagged! Put this in your user page and send it to six other Wikipedians! [comment hidden by owner] [comment hidden by owner] [comment hidden by owner] [comment hidden by owner] [comment hidden by owner] (1 Reply) WAAAA ... Kawaii desu, ne? ^_^ Overall, I'd give Wikipedia very high marks. My only criticism is that the "anyone can edit" philosophy makes the website very prone to abuse. But, otherwise, a very good encyclopedia. Well, bitch, that's how my f***ing website works, so leave me f***ing alone. Wow. You're mature </Sarcasm> If you're going to bitch every time someone gives you constructive criticism, then maybe you shouldn't be here. SAVE THE YELLOW ALIEN!!! SAVE THE YELLOW ALIEN!!! Hell no. Wikipedia is not Encyclopedia Dramatica[edit] So don't do it for the lulz! Give us MOAR encyclopedic stuff! 1. Create an article 2. Add some content 3. Wait while others fill it with CN and OR 4. ???????? 5. PROFIT!!! 6. ... Wait ... O SHI- Wikipedia is not Facebook[edit] 60 users like this. Wikipedia is not GoDaddy[edit] In an expansion of the idea "Wikipedia is not a webspace provider" ... It should not be used as a personal website or a personal blog, not even as a blog of your recent projects on Wikipedia. It cannot register your domain names for 99¢ for the first year. It is not-for-profit, so it does not require commercials where famous women like Stacy Keibler and Danica Patrick tease baring their breasts or beavers. (Though it would probably help come donation drive time.) It does not provide a wide array of automatically-installed web applications. Therefore, Wikipedia is not GoDaddy. Wikipedia is not Uncyclopedia[edit] For those without comedic tastes, the so-called experts at Wikipedia think they have articles about Wikipedia and Uncyclopedia. "That's right! You tell 'em!" ~Oscar Wilde on Wikipedia is not Uncyclopedia "I'm gonna let you finish, but Beyonce had one of the best videos of all time!??? ~Kanye West "In Soviet Russia, pedia wikis YOU!!" ~Russian Reversal on Wikipedia "AAAAAAAA!" ~AAAAA AAAAA AA AAAAAAAAA! (three hours later ...) Wikipedia is in read-only mode for system maintenance. Wikipedia is not Google[edit] Windows 9 release date, news and rumors ??? TechRadar www.techradar.com/.../windows-9-release-date-news-and-rum... TechRadar by Joe Osborne ??? Jul 21, 2014 ??? Windows 9 release date, news and rumors – What will we see in the next complete version of Windows? And when will we see it? Buying ... ???What will Windows 9 features ... – ???Windows 8.2 – ???Windows 8.1 Update 1 – ???Build 2014 Wikipedia is not TV Tropes[edit] We are Wikipedia. We're a buttload more formal. We don't really encourage breezy language and original thought as much as that other wiki. ThereIsSuchThingAsNotability, and citations are needed. If your entry cannot gather any evidence by the WikiMagic, it will be deleted in fairly short order. Wikipedia is not the place to interrupt people[edit] So please do not HEY ??? STOP!!! Wikipedia is not[edit] a place[edit] to create[edit] infinite[edit] subheadings[edit] Wikipedia is not Illuminati confirmed.[edit] Wikipedia has 9 letters. Letters has 7 letters. 9 - 7 = 2. Wikipedia was founded by 2 editors. Their names are Jimmy and Larry. Jimmy and Larry are characters from TV shows. TV. Television. Television has 10 letters. Letters has 7 letters. 10 - 7 = 3. Triangles have 3 sides. This subheading is wrong. Wikipedia is not a long list of things Wikipedia is not[edit] Um... whoops. Wikipedia is not an pie-throwing contest[edit] No matter how tempting a custard pie may be to throw. Wikipedia is not an skipping record player[edit] No matter how redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redund... redundant it might seem. Wikipedia is not a person[edit] No, you can not talk to Wikipedia. Wikipedia is not a person. You can not marry Wikipedia. It is not a person. You can not date Wikipedia. It is not a person. Wait. You say it is a person, and you can, in fact, do everything I just mentioned? Well then, I guess it is a person, and you can do those things. Wikipedia is not a place where people are capable of being wrong[edit] Wait ... not again. Wikipedia is not a place where unexplainable objects are kept to prevent the public from knowing about them[edit] Wikipedia is not related to the (Redacted) in any way. Likewise, the (Redacted) is not related to Wikipedia. Message from (Redacted)[edit] (Redacted) has contacted the Wikimedia Foundation, telling them to hide any evidence of being present by (Redacted) the evidence. is very dangerous and can only be calmed with (Redacted). Wikipedia is not a Lego set[edit] Although it does contain many pieces, there isn't a recommend age for Wikipedia. Still, don't let children under three near it. Hey, at least people won't get hurt by stepping on it with their bare feet! Wikipedia is not Wikipedia[edit] Footnotes[edit] Wikipedia is not under the footnotes[edit] Or maybe it is. Wikipedia is not Florida Man[edit] Florida Man arrested for doing things Wikipedia does not want to do. Wikipedia is not [INSERT FUNNY WORD HERE][edit] [INSERT SENTENCE HERE] Wikipedia is not a square[edit] We are looking for a neutral point of view, not the "right angle" or four equal sides. Wikipedia is not part of the dark web[edit] If you try to sell something illegal over Wikipedia, then... wait, do we actually have a policy for that? Wikipedia is not the wikipedia logo[edit] The incomplete spherical jigsaw puzzle covered in letters is used to represent Wikipedia, but they are, of course, not one and the same. ...or are they? *Vsauce music plays* Wikipedia is also not[edit] User:Angela/What Wikipedia is not User:GlassCobra/Essays/What Wikipedia is User:Goldkingtut5/What Wikipedia is not User:Wolfkeeper/What wikipedia is Wikipedia:Wikipedia is an encyclopedia Wikipedia is not forgetful of citations[edit] ... and here they are: ^ [1] ^ "BBC News: Customer got £500,000 phone bill". Retrieved 2008-07-30. ^ 5 kids down, Matt. "Do people realize that Wikipedia is fake?". Yahoo Answers. Retrieved 2014-03-09. ^ "Google Trends:wikipedia, jesus". Retrieved 2006-05-18. ^ "Google Trends:wikipedia, beatles". Retrieved 2006-05-18. ^ "Google Trends:Wikipedia, me". Retrieved 2006-12-07. ^ "Google Trends:Wikipedia, porn". Retrieved 2006-12-07. ^ "Google Trends:Wikipedia, life". Retrieved 2007-07-09. ^ "Google Trends:wikipedia, universe". Retrieved 2006-07-12. v t e Wikipedia essays Essays on building, editing, and deleting content Philosophy Articles must be written All Five Pillars are the same height Avoid vague introductions Be a reliable source Civil POV pushing Cohesion Competence is required Concede lost arguments Dissent is not disloyalty Don't lie Don't search for objections Editing Wikipedia is like visiting a foreign country Editors will sometimes be wrong Eight simple rules for editing our encyclopedia Explanationism External criticism of Wikipedia Here to build an encyclopedia Most ideas are bad Need Neutrality of sources Not editing because of Wikipedia restriction The one question Oversimplification Paradoxes Paraphrasing POV and OR from editors, sources, and fields Process is important Product, process, policy Purpose Reasonability rule Systemic bias There is no seniority Ten Simple Rules for Editing Wikipedia Tendentious editing The role of policies in collaborative anarchy The rules are principles Trifecta Wikipedia in brief Wikipedia is an encyclopedia Wikipedia is a community Construction 100K featured articles Acronym overkill Advanced source searching Adding images improves the encyclopedia Advanced article editing Advanced table formatting Advanced template coding Advanced text formatting Alternatives to the "Expand" template Amnesia test A navbox on every page An unfinished house is a real problem Articles have a half-life Autosizing images Avoid mission statements Bare URLs Be neutral in form Beef up that first revision Blind men and an elephant BOLD, revert, discuss cycle Build content to endure Cherrypicking Chesterton's fence Children's lit, adult new readers, & large-print books Citation overkill Citation underkill Common-style fallacy Concept cloud Creating controversial content Criticisms of society may be consistent with NPOV and reliability Deprecated sources Dictionaries as sources Don't demolish the house while it's still being built Don't get hung up on minor details Don't hope the house will build itself Don't panic Don't revert due solely to "no consensus" Don't teach the controversy Editing on mobile devices Editors are not mindreaders Encourage the newcomers Endorsements (commercial) Featured articles may have problems Fruit of the poisonous tree Give an article a chance Identifying and using independent sources History sources Law sources Primary sources Science sources Style guides Tertiary sources Ignore STRONGNAT for date formats Inaccuracies in Wikipedia namespace Inaccuracy Introduction to structurism Link rot Mine a source Merge Test Minors and persons judged incompetent "Murder of" articles Not every story/event/disaster needs a biography Not everything needs a navbox Not everything needs a WikiProject Nothing is in stone Organizing disambiguation pages by subject area Permastub Potential, not just current state Principle of some astonishment Printability Pruning article revisions Publicists Put a little effort into it Restoring part of a reverted edit Robotic editing Sham consensus Specialized-style fallacy Stub Makers Run an edit-a-thon Temporary versions of articles Tertiary-source fallacy There is a deadline There is no deadline The deadline is now Understanding Wikipedia's content standards Walled garden What an article should not include Wikipedia is a work in progress Wikipedia is not a reliable source Wikipedia is not being written in an organized fashion The world will not end tomorrow Write the article first Writing better articles Writing Avoid thread mode Gender-neutral language Proseline Use feminine pronouns Write the article first Writing about women Writing better articles Deletion Adjectives in your recommendations AfD is not a war zone Arguments to avoid in deletion discussions Arguments to avoid in deletion reviews Arguments to avoid in image deletion discussions Arguments to make in deletion discussions Avoid repeated arguments Before commenting in a deletion discussion But there must be sources! Confusing arguments mean nothing Content removal Counting and sorting are not original research Delete the junk Does deletion help? Don't confuse stub status with non-notability Don't overuse shortcuts to policy and guidelines to win your argument Follow the leader How to save an article proposed for deletion I just don't like it Identifying blatant advertising Identifying test edits Immunity Keep it concise Liar liar pants on fire Nothing Nothing is clear Overzealous deletion Relisting can be abusive Relist bias The Heymann Standard Unopposed AFD discussion Wikipedia is not Whack-A-Mole Why was the page I created deleted? What to do if your article gets tagged for speedy deletion When in doubt, hide it in the woodwork No Encyclopedic Use Essays on civility The basics Accepting other users Apology Contributing to complicated discussions Divisiveness Edit at your own pace Encouraging the newcomers Enjoy yourself Expect no thanks High-functioning autism and Asperger's editors How to be civil Maintaining a friendly space Negotiation Obsessive???compulsive disorder editors Relationships with academic editors Thank you Too long; didn't read Truce Unblock perspectives Philosophy A weak personal attack is still wrong Advice for hotheads An uncivil environment is a poor environment Be the glue Beware of the tigers! Civility warnings Deletion as revenge Failure Forgive and forget It's not the end of the world Nobody cares Most people who disagree with you on content are not vandals Old-fashioned Wikipedian values Profanity, civility, and discussions Revert notification opt-out Shadowless Fists of Death! Staying cool when the editing gets hot The grey zone The last word There is no Divine Right Of Editors Most ideas are bad Nothing is clear The rules of polite discourse There is no common sense Two wrongs don't make a right Wikipedia is not about winning Writing for the opponent Reader Dos Argue better Assume good faith Assume the assumption of good faith Assume no clue Avoid personal remarks Avoid the word "vandal" Be excellent to one another Beyond civility Call a spade a spade Candor Deny recognition Desist Discussing cruft Drop the stick and back slowly away from the horse carcass Encourage full discussions Get over it How to lose Imagine others complexly Just drop it Keep it down to earth Mind your own business Say "MOBY" No Nazis Read before commenting Settle the process first Don'ts ALPHABETTISPAGHETTI Civil POV pushing Cyberbullying Don't accuse someone of a personal attack for accusing of a personal attack Don't be a fanatic Don't be a jerk Don't be an ostrich Don't be ashamed Don't be a WikiBigot Don't be high-maintenance Don't be inconsiderate Don't be obnoxious Don't be prejudiced Don't be rude Don't be the Fun Police Don't bludgeon the process Don't call a spade a spade Don't call the kettle black Don't call things cruft Don't come down like a ton of bricks Don't cry COI Don't demand that editors solve the problems they identify Don't drink the consensus Kool-Aid Don't eat the troll's food Don't fight fire with fire Don't give a fuck Don't help too much Don't make a smarmy valediction part of your signature Don't remind others of past misdeeds Don't shout Don't spite your face Don't take the bait Don't template the regulars Don't throw your toys out of the pram Do not insult the vandals Griefing Nationalist editing No angry mastodons just madmen No, you can't have a pony Passive aggression Please don't bite the newcomers POV railroad There are no oracles You can't squeeze blood from a turnip WikiRelations WikiBullying WikiCrime WikiHarassment WikiHate WikiLawyering WikiLove WikiPeace Essays on notability Advanced source searching All high schools can be notable Alternative outlets Arguments to avoid in deletion discussions Articles with a single source Avoid template creep Bare notability Big events make key participants notable Bombardment Businesses with a single location But it's true! Citation overkill Common sourcing mistakes Clones Coatrack Discriminate vs indiscriminate information Drafts are not checked for notability or sanity Every snowflake is unique Existence ??? Notability Existence does not prove notability Extracting the meaning of significant coverage Fart Google searches and numbers High Schools Inclusion is not an indicator of notability Independent sources Inherent notability Insignificant Masking the lack of notability Make stubs News coverage does not decrease notability No amount of editing can overcome a lack of notability No big loss No one cares about your garage band No one really cares Notability/Historical/Arguments Notability cannot be purchased Notability comparison test Notability is not a level playing field Notability is not a matter of opinion Notability is not relevance or reliability Notability means impact Notability points Notability sub-pages Notabilitymandering Not every single thing Donald Trump does deserves an article Obscurity ??? Lack of notability Offline sources One hundred words One sentence does not an article make Other stuff exists Overreliance upon Google Perennial websites Pokémon test Read the source Run-of-the-mill Significant coverage not required Solutions are mixtures and nothing else Subjective importance Third-party sources Trivial mentions Video links Vanispamcruftisement What BLP1E is not What is and is not routine coverage What notability is not What to include Wikipedia is not here to tell the world about your noble cause Humorous essays Anti-Wikipedian Asshole John rule Assume bad faith Assume faith Assume good wraith Assume stupidity Assume that everyone's assuming good faith, assuming that you are assuming good faith Avoid using preview button Avoid using wikilinks Bad Jokes and Other Deleted Nonsense BOLD, revert, revert, revert Boston Tea Party Barnstaritis Don't stuff beans up your nose Don't-give-a-fuckism Edits Per Day Editsummarisis Emerson Seven Ages of Editor, by Will E. Spear-Shake Go ahead, vandalize How many Wikipedians does it take to change a lightbulb? How to put up a straight pole by pushing it at an angle Is that even an essay? Newcomers are delicious, so go ahead and bite them Legal vandalism LTTAUTMAOK No climbing the Reichstag dressed as Spider-Man Oops Defense Please be a giant dick, so we can ban you Please bite the newbies R-e-s-p-e-c-t Reducing consensus to an algorithm Requests for medication Requirements for adminship Rouge admin Rouge editor Sarcasm is really helpful Sausages for tasting The Night Before Wikimas The first rule of Wikipedia The Five Pillars of Untruth Things that should not be surprising The WikiBible Watchlistitis Why not create an account? You don't have to be mad to work here, but About essays About essays Essay guide Value of essays Difference between policies, guidelines and essays Don't cite essays as if they were policy Avoid writing redundant essays Finding an essay Quote your own essay Policies and guidelines About policies and guidelines Policies Guidelines How to contribute to Wikipedia guidance Policy writing is hard Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:What_Wikipedia_is_not/Outtakes&oldid=1025329471" Categories: Humorous Wikipedia essays Essays about what Wikipedia is Hidden categories: Project pages with short description Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version Languages Polski Edit links This page was last edited on 27 May 2021, at 00:33 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement