User talk:Gracenotes - Wikipedia User talk:Gracenotes From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia (Redirected from User:Gracenotes) Jump to navigation Jump to search This user may have left Wikipedia. Gracenotes has not edited Wikipedia since May 31, 2010. As a result, any requests made here may not receive a response. If you are seeking assistance, you may need to approach someone else. Welcome to Gracenotes's talk page! Don't forget to sign your posts with four tildes (~~~~). Archives: 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 - 6 - 7 - 8 - 9 - 10 - 11 - 12 - 13 - 14 - 15 Contents 1 Speedy deletion nomination of Template:Mwarn 2 NYC Meetup: You are invited! 3 rollback.js 4 your script :/ 5 Happy holidays! 6 Spam in Importance 7 AfD nomination of Importance 8 An article you created maybe deleted soon: Tools which can help you 9 Happy New Year! 10 You're invited! 11 NYC Meetup: You're invited! 12 You're invited! 13 rollback.js 14 You're invited... 15 AmelPrefs 16 Happy birthday! 17 You're invited... 18 New Doctor Steel Page AfD 19 Wikis Take Manhattan 20 You're invited! 21 A problem with 'User:Gracenotes/amelvand.js' and 'User:Gracenotes/wpPicmark.js' 22 Happy Gracenotes's Day! 23 Wikipedia Day NYC 24 Nomination for deletion of Template:Uw-bv 25 NYC Wikipedia Meetup Sunday, March 21 26 NYC Wikipedia Meetup Saturday, May 22 27 Secondary source for Gracenotes 28 Wiki-Conference NYC (2nd annual) 29 Wikipedia NYC Meetup Sat Oct 16 30 Invitation to particpate in the December 2010 Wikification Drive 31 NYC Meetup: Saturday, December 4 32 Please confirm your membership 33 Speedy deletion nomination of Template:Deprecated/undated 34 You're invited to the New York Wiknic! 35 Happy Birthday! 36 Wikipedia:The Musical in NYC Oct 22 37 National Archives ExtravaSCANza 38 Invitation to events in June and July: bot, script, template, and Gadget makers wanted 39 You're invited to Wiki-Gangs of New York @ NYPL on April 21! 40 Nomination for deletion of Template:WP:UTM/NA 41 Wikipedia Goes to the Movies in NYC this Saturday Dec 1 42 Wikipedia Day Celebration and Mini-Conference in NYC Saturday Feb 23 43 Wikipedia Meetup NYC this Sunday April 14 44 NYC Wiki-Picnic: Saturday June 22 45 Wikipedia Takes Brooklyn! Saturday September 7 46 Wikimedia NYC Meetup! Saturday October 5 47 Proggit listed at Redirects for discussion 48 Wikimedia NYC Meetup- "Greenwich Village In The 60s" Editathon! Saturday November 2 49 Wikimedia NYC Meetup- "Queens Open History Edit-a-Thon" at Queens Library! Friday December 6 50 Saturday: NYC Art And Feminism Wikipedia Editathon 51 Upcoming Saturday events - March 1: Harlem History Editathon and March 8: NYU Law Editathon 52 Saturday June 21: Wiki Loves Pride 53 Sunday July 6: WikNYC Picnic 54 Happy birthday!!! 55 Sunday August 17: NYC Wiki-Salon and Skill Share 56 Happy First Edit Day 57 Thursday December 4: NYC Wiki-Salon and Skill Share 58 Saturday February 7 in NYC: Black Life Matters Editathon 59 Sunday March 22: Wikipedia Day NYC Celebration and Mini-Conference 60 April 29: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 61 June 10: WikiWednesday Salon / Wikimedia NYC Annual Meeting 62 July 8: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 63 Sunday August 2: WikNYC Picnic 64 August 19: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 65 September 16: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 66 Saturday October 3: WikiArte Latin America Edit-a-thon @ MoMA 67 Thursday October 15: Women in Architecture Edit-a-thon @ Guggenheim (drop-in any time, noon-8pm!) 68 Thursday October 15: Women in Architecture Edit-a-thon @ Guggenheim (drop-in any time, noon-8pm!) 69 Oct 28: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 70 Sunday Nov 22: Soviet Jewry Edit-a-thon & Women In Science Edit-a-thon 71 Dec 9: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC; Dec 12: Art & Law editathon + Dec 13: Black Film editathon 72 Saturday January 16: Wikipedia Day NYC Celebration and Mini-Conference 73 Saturday February 6 in NYC: Black Life Matters Editathon 74 Feb 16: Art+Feminism Training / Photo-Poetics @ GuggenheimFeb 17: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 75 Saturday, March 5: Art+Feminism Edit-a-thon @ MoMA 76 March 16: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 77 April 13: WikiWednesday Salon NYC and Mini-Video Opportunity 78 Saturday April 30: Contemporary Art of the Middle East and North Africa @ Guggenheim 79 May 25: WikiWednesday Salon NYC / Enterprise MediaWiki Conference 80 Sunday June 5: Women in Jewish History Edit-a-thon 81 June 15: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 82 Wednesday June 29: Wiki Loves Pride Edit-a-thon @ MoMA 83 Sunday July 10: WikNYC Picnic @ Central Park 84 August 17: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 85 Nomination for deletion of Template:Rfcurl 86 September 14: WikiWednesday Salon / Wikimedia NYC Annual Meeting 87 Sun October 16: CommonsLab / Open House NY Photo Contest + Hackathon 88 Saturday October 22: WikiArte Latin American Edit-a-thon @ MoMA 89 Saturday November 12: Women in Science Edit-a-thon @ NY Academy of Sciences (plus Sunday Indigenous People's Justice event) 90 Saturday December 3: Contemporary Chinese Art Edit-a-thon @ Guggenheim 91 December 21: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (plus Wikipedia Day on Jan 15!) 92 Sunday January 15: Wikipedia Day NYC Celebration and Mini-Conference 93 February 15: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 94 March 11: Art+Feminism Edit-a-thon @ MoMA (and beyond!) 95 Sunday March 26: Action=History Wiki-Hackathon @ Ace Hotel 96 April 19: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 97 Sunday May 21: Metropolitan Museum of Art Edit-a-thon + global online challenge 98 May 24: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 99 Thursday June 22: Wiki Loves Pride Edit-a-thon @ MoMA 100 Sunday July 9: WikNYC Picnic @ Governors Island 101 July 19: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 102 Sunday July 30: Action=History Wiki-Hackathon @ Ace Hotel 103 August 30: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 104 September 27: WikiWednesday Salon / Wikimedia NYC Annual Meeting 105 Sunday October 15: Wikipedia @ Open House New York / Weekend Photo Competition 106 October 18: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 107 Metropolitan Museum of Art Edit-a-thon (Nov 19) and global online Wikipedia Asian Art Month (Nov 1-30) 108 November 15: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC @ NYU ITP 109 December 13: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 110 Sunday January 14: Wikipedia Day NYC Celebration and Mini-Conference 111 This Sunday! Wikipedia Day NYC Celebration and Mini-Conference (updated speakers + schedule) 112 February 21: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 113 March 21: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 114 CANCELLED: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 115 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 116 May 23: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 117 June 20: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (and Pratt Women Wikipedia Design this Saturday June 16) 118 Thursday July 12: Wiki Loves Pride Edit-a-thon @ Jefferson Market Library 119 Sunday July 29: Annual Wiki-Picnic @ Prospect Park 120 August 29: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 121 September 26: WikiWednesday Salon / Wikimedia NYC Annual Meeting 122 Sun October 14: Open House New York Weekend Upload Party @ NYU ITP and Indigenous People's Justice Edit-a-thon @ Interference Archive 123 October 24: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 124 Sunday Oct 28: Wikidata Birthday Party 125 Nomination for deletion of Template:Mwarn 126 December 19: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 127 January 13: Wikimedia NYC invites you to Wikipedia Day 2019 128 Feb 27 WikiWednesday Salon + Mar 2 MoMA Art+Feminism and beyond 129 March 20: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC + March 23: Asian Art Archive/New York Public Library 130 April 17: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC + April 4 and 5: LaGuardia Community College Translatathon 2019 131 May 22: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC 132 Nomination of Sharpen for deletion 133 June 19: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (stay tuned for Pride on weekend!) 134 Sunday June 23: Wiki Loves Pride @ Metropolitan Museum of Art 135 Sunday July 14: Annual NYC Wiki-Picnic @ Roosevelt Island 136 August 28: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (+editathons before and after) 137 Saturday Sept 7: Met Fashion Edit-a-thon @ Metropolitan Museum of Art 138 Sept 25: WikiWednesday Salon NYC 139 Oct 23: WikiWednesday Salon NYC 140 Saturday Nov 16: Wikipedia Asian Month Edit-a-thon @ Metropolitan Museum of Art 141 Nov 20: WikiWednesday Salon NYC 142 Dec 18: WikiWednesday Salon NYC 143 Today's Wikipedian 10 years ago 144 Jan 22: WikiWednesday Salon NYC 145 Saturday Jan 25: Met 'Understanding America' Edit-a-thon @ Metropolitan Museum of Art 146 Feb 19: WikiWednesday Salon NYC 147 March 18: First ever ONLINE WikiWednesday Salon NYC 148 April 22: ONLINE WikiWednesday Salon NYC 149 Sat May 9: Symposium on Wikipedia and COVID-19 150 May 20: ONLINE WikiWednesday Salon NYC 151 Speedy deletion nomination of Template:Uw-legal 152 Nomination for deletion of Template:Uw-legal 153 June 17: ONLINE WikiWednesday Salon NYC 154 Sun Aug 16: Great American Wiknic NYC & Beyond 155 Nomination for merging of Template:Template shortcut 27 June 2021 News and notes: Elections, Wikimania, masking and more In the media: Boris and Joe, reliability, love, and money Disinformation report: Croatian Wikipedia: capture and release Recent research: Feminist critique of Wikipedia's epistemology, Black Americans vastly underrepresented among editors, Wiki Workshop report Traffic report: So no one told you life was gonna be this way News from the WMF: Searching for Wikipedia Humour: Wikipedia's best articles on the world's strangest things WikiProject report: WikiProject on open proxies interview Forum: Is WMF fundraising abusive? Discussion report: Reliability of WikiLeaks discussed Obituary: SarahSV Single page Front page About Subscribe Suggestions Archives Speedy deletion nomination of Template:Mwarn[edit] A tag has been placed on Template:Mwarn requesting that it be speedily deleted from Wikipedia. This has been done for the following reason: better to leave a warning template Under the criteria for speedy deletion, pages that meet certain criteria may be deleted at any time. If you think this page should not be deleted for this reason, you may contest the nomination by visiting the page and clicking the button labelled "Contest this speedy deletion". This will give you the opportunity to explain why you believe the page should not be deleted. However, be aware that once a page is tagged for speedy deletion, it may be deleted without delay. Please do not remove the speedy deletion tag from the page yourself, but do not hesitate to add information in line with Wikipedia's policies and guidelines. If the page is deleted, and you wish to retrieve the deleted material for future reference or improvement, then please contact the deleting administrator, or if you have already done so, you can place a request here. 107.242.125.38 (talk) 01:15, 28 May 2020 (UTC) NYC Meetup: You are invited![edit] New York City Meetup Next: Sunday November 16th, Columbia University area Last: 6/01/2008 This box: view ??? talk ??? edit In the afternoon, we will hold a session dedicated to meta:Wikimedia New York City activities, finalize and approve bylaws, interact with representatives from the Software Freedom Law Center, and hold salon-style group discussions on Wikipedia and the other Wikimedia projects (see the June meeting's minutes and the September meeting's minutes). We'll also review our recent Wikis Take Manhattan event, and make preparations for our exciting successor Wikipedia Loves Art! bonanza, being planned with the Brooklyn Museum for February. In the evening, we'll share dinner and chat at a local restaurant, and (weather permitting) hold a late-night astronomy event at Columbia's telescopes. You can add or remove your name from the New York City Meetups invite list at Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/Invite list. To keep up-to-date on local events, you can also join our mailing list. This has been an automated delivery by BrownBot (talk) 22:16, 7 November 2008 (UTC) Kind Query Hi Grace. It's Mohammed Sayanvala here. I was wondering if you could please give me an explanation as to why Wikipedia will not remove the pictures portraying prophet Muhammed? Thank you so much. Mohammed Sayanvala Sayanvala (talk) 19:38, 12 November 2008 (UTC) rollback.js[edit] Can you please configure the script to add the "sum" link next to every rollback link rather than just on the diff pages? -- IRP ??? 01:33, 19 December 2008 (UTC) Done. I've added the "sum" links onto history and contributions pages as well. If you want to disable the script on any one of those pages, just a line of code after the import statement: //the script won't run on diff pages, history pages, and contribs page respectively,
//depending on what you put in the "rollbackLinksDisable" list
rollbackLinksDisable = [ 'diff', 'history', 'user' ]

//only disable one
rollbackLinksDisable = [ 'user' ]

//don't disable any: this is the default setting, no need to write it out
rollbackLinksDisable = []
 I've also changed the script to use the browser's built-in method of finding rollback links, if such a method is available (otherwise defaulting to the normal implementation). If any bugs were introduced, please let me know about them! GracenotesT § 02:40, 19 December 2008 (UTC) your script :/[edit] I luffs j00 lots, but your Gracenotes/rollback.js script caused the error rbnode is null, which had the side effect of disabling my entire monobook except on diff pages, and I had to remove it :/ // roux 08:24, 19 December 2008 (UTC) Oh, I see why that would be a problem. Fix'd. GracenotesT § 17:50, 19 December 2008 (UTC) SPINACH IS GOOD AND I TOOK THE HINT AND PS PUSH BUTTON RECEIVE BACON // roux 18:05, 19 December 2008 (UTC) Happy holidays![edit] I hope all is well, Gracenotes, and that you have a happy holiday season! Cheers, Iamunknown 09:19, 25 December 2008 (UTC) Spam in Importance[edit] Hello, this is a message from an automated bot. A tag has been placed on Importance, by another Wikipedia user, requesting that it be speedily deleted from Wikipedia. The tag claims that it should be speedily deleted because Importance is blatant advertising for a company, product, group, service or person that would require a substantial rewrite in order to become an encyclopedia article. To contest the tagging and request that administrators wait before possibly deleting Importance, please affix the template {{hangon}} to the page, and put a note on its talk page. If the article has already been deleted, see the advice and instructions at WP:WMD. Feel free to contact the bot operator if you have any questions about this or any problems with this bot, bearing in mind that this bot is only informing you of the nomination for speedy deletion; it does not perform any nominations or deletions itself. To see the user who deleted the page, click here CSDWarnBot (talk) 14:20, 26 December 2008 (UTC) You forgot to explain why this is relevant to me, Mr. Bot. GracenotesT § 19:53, 26 December 2008 (UTC) AfD nomination of Importance[edit] I have nominated Importance, an article that you created, for deletion. I do not think that this article satisfies Wikipedia's criteria for inclusion, and have explained why at Wikipedia:Articles for deletion/Importance. Your opinions on the matter are welcome at that same discussion page; also, you are welcome to edit the article to address these concerns. Thank you for your time. dougweller (talk) 19:34, 26 December 2008 (UTC) An article you created maybe deleted soon: Tools which can help you[edit] The article you created, Importance maybe deleted from Wikipedia. There is an ongoing debate about whether your article should be deleted here: Wikipedia:Articles for deletion/Importance. The faster your respond, the better chance the article you created can be saved. This is because deletion debates only stay open for a few days, and the first comments are usually the most important. There are several tools and other editors who can help you keep the page from being deleted forever: You can list the page up for deletion on Article Rescue Squadron. If you need help listing your page, add a comment on the Article Rescue Squadron talk page. You can request a mentor to help explain to you all of the complex rules that editors use to get a page deleted, here: Wikipedia:Adopt-a-User. But don't wait for a mentor to respond on the deletion page. When try to delete a page, veteran editors love to use a lot of rule acronyms. Don't let these acronyms intimidate you. Here is a list of your own acronyms you can use yourself: WP:Deletion debate acronyms which may support the page you created being kept. Acronyms in deletion debates are sometimes incorrectly used, or ignore rules or exceptions. You can merge the article into a larger or better established article on the same topic. If your page is deleted, you still have many options available. Good luck! travb (talk) 22:08, 31 December 2008 (UTC) Happy New Year![edit] Dear Gracenotes, Wishing you a happy new year, and very best wishes for 2009. Whether we were friends or not in the past year, I hope 2009 will be better for us both. Kind regards, Majorly talk 21:34, 1 January 2009 (UTC) You're invited![edit] New York City Meetup Next: Sunday January 18th, Columbia University area Last: 11/01/2008 This box: view ??? talk ??? edit In the afternoon, we will hold a session dedicated to meta:Wikimedia New York City activities, look at our approval by the Chapters Committee, develop ideas for chapter projects at museums and libraries throughout our region, and hold salon-style group discussions on Wikipedia and the other Wikimedia projects (see the November meeting's minutes and the December mini-meetup's minutes). We'll make preparations for our exciting museum photography Wikipedia Loves Art! February bonanza (on Flickr, on Facebook) with Shelley from the Brooklyn Museum and Alex from the Metropolitan Museum of Art. We'll also be collecting folks to join our little Wikipedia Takes the Subway adventure which will be held the day after the meeting. In the evening, we'll share dinner and chat at a local restaurant, and generally enjoy ourselves and kick back. You can add or remove your name from the New York City Meetups invite list at Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/Invite list. To keep up-to-date on local events, you can also join our mailing list. This has been an automated delivery by BrownBot (talk) 02:07, 12 January 2009 (UTC) NYC Meetup: You're invited![edit] New York City Meetup???Museum Extravanganza Next: February 6-7, at the Met Museum and the Brooklyn Museum Last: 01//2008 This box: view ??? talk ??? edit Join us the evenings of Friday February 6 and Saturday February 7 around Wikipedia Loves Art! museum photography events at the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Brooklyn Museum. There will also be a special business meeting on Saturday dedicated to discussing meta:Wikimedia New York City issues with guests from the Wikimedia Foundation. You can add or remove your name from the New York City Meetups invite list at Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/Invite list. To keep up-to-date on local events, you can also join our mailing list. This has been automated delivery by BrownBot (talk) 22:23, 31 January 2009 (UTC) You're invited![edit] New York City Meetup Next: Sunday March 29th, Columbia University area Last: 01/18/2009 This box: view ??? talk ??? edit In the afternoon, we will hold a session dedicated to meta:Wikimedia New York City activities, sign official incorporation papers for the chapter, review recent projects like Wikipedia Loves Art and upcoming projects like Wikipedia at the Library, and hold salon-style group discussions on Wikipedia and the other Wikimedia projects (see the January meeting's minutes). In the evening, we'll share dinner and chat at a local restaurant, and generally enjoy ourselves and kick back. You can add or remove your name from the New York City Meetups invite list at Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/Invite list. To keep up-to-date on local events, you can also join our mailing list. This has been an automated delivery by BrownBot (talk) 19:19, 21 March 2009 (UTC) rollback.js[edit] There should be "sum" links in Special:RecentChanges now that rollback links are enabled there. Also, the default text for the summary field should be "[[WP:RBK|Reverted]] edits by [[Special:Contributions/$2|$2]] ([[User talk:$2|talk]]) to last version by $1; ". I understand that it will create such a summary after clicking "OK" (when the field is blank), however, the field should be prefilled with that text before users click OK so users can easily append the rollback reason after the default summary. If they do not want the summary to contain the default text, they can just blank the summary and write a custom one. -- IRP ??? 15:08, 25 April 2009 (UTC), modified 15:09, 25 April 2009 (UTC) Okay, I've added RC support! Unfortunately, the default rollback edit summary is only available after you click OK: it is generated by the system. Anything generated by the script would be susceptible to race conditions (errors caused by bad timing), and require a few API calls. To make a long story short, it is possible to replace the default summary, but not append to it. I think there's a bug request for customizable summaries, like submitting an edit summary with $1 and having MediaWiki replace it with the correct variables server-side. Until then, this feature can't easily exist. However, I've added an option for a default value, if it helps. For anything more complicated, try using more complex anti-vandalism scripts. GracenotesT § 15:57, 25 April 2009 (UTC) If I manually paste in "[[WP:RBK|Reverted]] edits by [[Special:Contributions/$2|$2]] ([[User talk:$2|talk]]) to last version by $1" for the summary, I get the same thing that I would if I were to click "rollback". If I enter "[[WP:RBK|Reverted]] edits by [[Special:Contributions/$2|$2]] ([[User talk:$2|talk]]) to last version by $1; reson for reverting", I get the default summary with the reason after that. I don't see any problem with that. It's just like appending "Reply" after "/* rollback.js */ " when I replied to this post. If I didn't change it, I would just have the default edit summary. Do you see what I'm trying to request? -- IRP ??? 16:16, 25 April 2009 (UTC) Oh, so it was in fact added as a feature! Lots of things change when you're not in the loop :) To enable this, just add: rollbackSummaryDefault = "[[WP:RBK|Reverted]] edits by [[Special:Contributions/$2|$2]] ([[User talk:$2|talk]]) to last version by $1";
 After the script inclusion. Then it will be the default summary. GracenotesT § 16:30, 25 April 2009 (UTC) Where am I supposed to add it? -- IRP ??? 16:40, 25 April 2009 (UTC) After the script inclusion, so on the next line after the importScript on your user JS page. GracenotesT § 16:45, 25 April 2009 (UTC) Thanks for the help. -- IRP ??? 16:58, 25 April 2009 (UTC) I forgot something. I forgot to request that it be enabled on Special:Watchlist. -- IRP ??? 17:15, 25 April 2009 (UTC) Also, I think it would be better if the "rollbackSummaryDefault" was enabled by default (without the extra code in the monobook.js file) and should have an option to disable it just like the "rollbackLinksDisable" option. -- IRP ??? 17:21, 25 April 2009 (UTC) Note: I have fused the script inclusion and the extra code. Now instead of doing that, you can just add: importScript('User:Porchcrop/rollback.js');
 To your monobook.js file. -Porchcrop (talk|contributions) 06:08, 10 July 2009 (UTC) You're invited...[edit] New York City Meetup Next: Sunday May 17th, Columbia University area Last: 03/29/2009 This box: view ??? talk ??? edit In the afternoon, we will hold a session dedicated to meta:Wikimedia New York City activities, establish a membership process for the chapter, review the upcoming Wiki-Conference New York 2009 (planned for ~100 people at NYU this summer) and future projects like Wikipedia at the Library, and hold salon-style group discussions on Wikipedia and the other Wikimedia projects (see the March meeting's minutes). In the evening, we'll share dinner and chat at a local restaurant, and generally enjoy ourselves and kick back. You can add or remove your name from the New York City Meetups invite list at Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/Invite list. To keep up-to-date on local events, you can also join our mailing list. This has been an automated delivery by BrownBot (talk) 21:58, 3 May 2009 (UTC) AmelPrefs[edit] Whenever I try to set one of the preferences to a custom value, my monobook fails because, for some reason, AmelPrefs is undefined when I try. I kindly entreat your help. :-) ???Animum (talk) 01:38, 21 June 2009 (UTC) Additionally, could you perhaps update WikiEdit to use the API's edit functionality? Yours, ???Animum (talk) 20:49, 23 June 2009 (UTC) Happy birthday![edit] Hey, Gracenotes. Just stopping by to wish you a Happy Birthday from the Wikipedia Birthday Committee! Have a great day!-- I dream of horses (talk) 19:12, 4 July 2009 (UTC) You're invited...[edit] New York City Meetup Next: Sunday September 13th, Columbia University area Last: 07/25/2009 This box: view ??? talk ??? edit In the afternoon, we will hold a session dedicated to meta:Wikimedia New York City activities, review the recent Wiki-Conference New York, plan for the next stages of projects like Wikipedia Takes Manhattan and Wikipedia at the Library, and hold salon-style group discussions on Wikipedia and the other Wikimedia projects (see the May meeting's minutes). In the evening, we'll share dinner and chat at a local restaurant, and generally enjoy ourselves and kick back. You can add or remove your name from the New York City Meetups invite list at Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/Invite list. To keep up-to-date on local events, you can also join our mailing list. This has been an automated delivery by BrownBot (talk) 02:28, 1 September 2009 (UTC) New Doctor Steel Page AfD[edit] Hi. You weighed in on the Doctor Steel AfD debate back in February 2007. Thought you might like to know that there is a new one up for review, in case you wish to comment again. I have contacted as many as I could who weighed in on the last one, both for and against, in an effort to be fair. --Jonnybgoode44 (talk) 06:40, 9 September 2009 (UTC) Wikis Take Manhattan[edit] Wikis Take Manhattan Next: Saturday October 10 This box: view ??? talk ??? edit WHAT Wikis Take Manhattan is a scavenger hunt and free content photography contest aimed at illustrating Wikipedia and StreetsWiki articles covering sites and street features in Manhattan and across the five boroughs of New York City. LAST YEAR'S EVENT Wikipedia:Wikipedia Takes Manhattan/Fall 2008 (a description of the results, and the uploading party) Commons:Wikis Take Manhattan (our cool team galleries) Streetfilms: Wikis Take Manhattan (our awesome video) WINNINGS? The first prize winning team members will get Eye-Fi Share cards, which automatically upload photos from your camera to your computer and to sites like Flickr. And there will also be cool prizes for other top scorers. WHEN The hunt will take place Saturday, October 10th from 1:00pm to 6:30pm, followed by prizes and celebration. WHO All Wikipedians and non-Wikipedians are invited to participate in team of up to three (no special knowledge is required at all, just a digital camera and a love of the city). Bring a friend (or two)! REGISTER The proper place to register your team is here. It's also perfectly possible to register on the day of when you get there, but it will be slightly easier for us if you register beforehand. WHERE Participants can begin the hunt from either of two locations: one at Columbia University (at the sundial on college walk) and one at The Open Planning Project's fantastic new event space nestled between Chinatown and SoHo. Everyone will end at The Open Planning Project: Wikis Take Manhattan page at The Open Planning Project 148 Lafayette Street between Grand & Howard Streets FOR UPDATES Please watchlist Wikipedia:Wikipedia Takes Manhattan. This will have a posting if the event is delayed due to weather or other exigency. Thanks, Pharos You can add or remove your name from the New York City Meetups invite list at Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/Invite list. This has been an automated delivery by BrownBot (talk) 21:02, 4 October 2009 (UTC) You're invited![edit] New York City Meetup Next: Sunday November 15th, Columbia University area Last: 09/13/2009 This box: view ??? talk ??? edit In the afternoon, we will hold a session dedicated to meta:Wikimedia New York City activities, review the recent Wikipedia Takes Manhattan, plan for the next stages of projects like Wikipedia at the Library and Wikipedia Loves Landmarks, and hold salon-style group discussions on Wikipedia and the other Wikimedia projects, for example particular problems posed by Wikipedia articles about racist and anti-semitic people and movements (see the September meeting's minutes). In the evening, we'll share dinner and chat at a local restaurant, and generally enjoy ourselves and kick back. You can add or remove your name from the New York City Meetups invite list at Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/Invite list. To keep up-to-date on local events, you can also join our mailing list. This has been an automated delivery by BrownBot (talk) 03:26, 3 November 2009 (UTC) A problem with 'User:Gracenotes/amelvand.js' and 'User:Gracenotes/wpPicmark.js'[edit] Hi, when I have this enabled in my monobook.js (as importScript('User:Gracenotes/amelvand.js');), when I load up a Wikipedia page, I get an error: An error has occurred in the script on this page Line: 771 Char 25 Error: Expected ';' Code: 0 URL: http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=User:Gracenotes/amelvand.js&action=raw&ctype=text/javascript Also, in wpPicmark (in monobook as importScript('User:Gracenotes/wpPicmark.js');), I get two different errors: When I first go to a File: page, I get: Message: '0.lastChild' is null or not an object Line: 131 Char: 5 Code: 0 URI: http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=User:Gracenotes/wpPicmark.js&action=raw&ctype=text/javascript And then when I choose a template from the drop-down list, I get two messages: Message: '0.lastChild' is null or not an object Line: 131 Char: 5 Code: 0 URI: http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=User:Gracenotes/wpPicmark.js&action=raw&ctype=text/javascript Message: 'document.forms.templateSelect.imagetemp' is null or not an object Line: 139 Char: 3 Code: 0 URI: http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=User:Gracenotes/wpPicmark.js&action=raw&ctype=text/javascript I get no problems when I'm using your rollback.js though! Regards, -- PhantomSteve/talk|contribs\ 00:17, 18 December 2009 (UTC) Happy Gracenotes's Day![edit] User:Gracenotes has been identified as an Awesome Wikipedian, and therefore, I've officially declared today as Gracenotes's day! For being such a beautiful person and great Wikipedian, enjoy being the Star of the day, dear Gracenotes! Peace, Rlevse 01:43, 6 January 2010 (UTC) A record of your Day will always be kept here. For a userbox you can add to your userbox page, see User:Rlevse/Today/Happy Me Day! and my own userpage for a sample of how to use it. ??? Rlevse ??? Talk ??? 01:43, 6 January 2010 (UTC) Wikipedia Day NYC[edit] Wikipedia 9th birthday coin You are invited to celebrate Wikipedia Day and the 9th anniversary (!) of the founding of the site at Wikipedia Day NYC on Sunday January 24, 2010 at New York University; sign up for Wikipedia Day NYC here. Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends! This has been an automated delivery by BrownBot (talk) 00:47, 16 January 2010 (UTC) Nomination for deletion of Template:Uw-bv[edit] Template:Uw-bv has been nominated for deletion. You are invited to comment on the discussion at the template's entry on the Templates for discussion page. Thank you. SchuminWeb (Talk) 12:18, 13 March 2010 (UTC) NYC Wikipedia Meetup Sunday, March 21[edit] New York City Meetup Next: Sunday March 21st, Columbia University area Last: 11/15/2009 This box: view ??? talk ??? edit In the afternoon, we will hold a session dedicated to meta:Wikimedia New York City activities, review the recent Wikipedia Day NYC, plan for the next stages of projects like Wikipedia at the Library and Lights Camera Wiki, and hold salon-style group discussions on Wikipedia and the other Wikimedia projects, for example User:ScienceApologist will present on "climate change, alternative medicine, UFOs and Transcendental Meditation" (see the November meeting's minutes). In the evening, we'll share dinner and chat at a local restaurant, and generally enjoy ourselves and kick back. And if the weather is good, we'll have a star party with the telescopes on the roof of Pupin Hall! You can add or remove your name from the New York City Meetups invite list at Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/Invite list. To keep up-to-date on local events, you can also join our mailing list. This has been an automated delivery by BrownBot (talk) 15:20, 13 March 2010 (UTC) NYC Wikipedia Meetup Saturday, May 22[edit] New York City Meetup Next: Saturday May 22nd, OpenPlans in Lower Manhattan Last: 03/21/2010 This box: view ??? talk ??? edit In the afternoon, we will hold a session dedicated to meta:Wikimedia New York City activities, review the recent Wikimedia Chapters Meeting 2010, plan for the next stages of projects like Wiki-Conference NYC and Wikipedia Cultural Embassy, and hold salon-style group discussions on Wikipedia and the other Wikimedia projects (see the March meeting's minutes). In the evening, we'll share dinner and chat at a local restaurant, and generally enjoy ourselves and kick back. You can add or remove your name from the New York City Meetups invite list at Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/Invite list. To keep up-to-date on local events, you can also join our mailing list. This has been an automated delivery by BrownBot (talk) 21:04, 12 May 2010 (UTC) Secondary source for Gracenotes[edit] Hey, just found a secondary source mentioning you, just have a look. Bonk, Curtis Jay. The World Is Open: How Web Technology Is Revolutionizing Education. p. 238. ISBN 9780470461303. Shivashree (talk) 07:19, 31 May 2010 (UTC) Oh, neat! That was some time ago since many of the things on that page were true ;) Thanks for letting me know. GracenotesT § 08:14, 31 May 2010 (UTC) Wiki-Conference NYC (2nd annual)[edit] Our 2nd annual Wiki-Conference NYC has been confirmed for the weekend of August 28-29 at New York University. There's still plenty of time to join a panel, or to propose a lightning talk or an open space session. Register for the Wiki-Conference here. And sign up here for on-wiki notification. All are invited! This has been an automated delivery by BrownBot (talk) 15:20, 3 August 2010 (UTC) Wikipedia NYC Meetup Sat Oct 16[edit] New York City Meetup Next: Saturday October 16th, Jefferson Market Library in Lower Manhattan Last: 05/22/2010 This box: view ??? talk ??? edit In the afternoon, we will hold a session dedicated to meta:Wikimedia New York City activities, review the recent Wiki-Conference NYC 2010, plan for the next stages of projects like Wikipedia Ambassador Program and Wikipedia Academy, and hold salon-style group discussions on Wikipedia and the other Wikimedia projects (see the May meeting's minutes). In the evening, we'll share dinner and chat at a local restaurant, and generally enjoy ourselves and kick back. You can add or remove your name from the New York City Meetups invite list at Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/Invite list. To keep up-to-date on local events, you can also join our mailing list. This has been an automated delivery by BrownBot (talk) 16:07, 9 October 2010 (UTC) Invitation to particpate in the December 2010 Wikification Drive[edit] Hi there! I thought you might be interested in the December 2010 Wikification Backlog Elimination Drive. We're currently recruiting help to clear a massive backlog (22,000+ articles), and we need your help! Participants in the drive will receive barnstars for their contributions! If you have a spare moment, please join and wikify an article or tell your friends. Thanks! Delivered by MessageDeliveryBot on behalf of WikiProject Wikify at 18:39, 30 November 2010 (UTC). NYC Meetup: Saturday, December 4[edit] We meet outside by the trees at 5:00 PM. Our next Wikipedia NYC Meetup is this weekend on Saturday Dec 4 at Brooklyn Museum during their awesome First Saturdays program, starting at 5 PM. A particular highlight for the wiki crowd will be 'Seductive Subversion: Women Pop Artists, 1958???1968', and the accompanying "WikiPop" project, with specially-created Wikipedia articles on the artists displayed on iPads in the gallery. This will be a museum touring and partying meetup, so no excuses about being a shy newbie this time. Bring a friend too! You can add or remove your name from the New York City Meetups invite list at Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/Invite list. To keep up-to-date on local events, you can also join our mailing list. This has been an automated delivery by BrownBot (talk) 22:20, 3 December 2010 (UTC) Please confirm your membership[edit] This is an important message from WikiProject Wikify. You are currently listed as a member of WikiProject Wikify. As agreed upon by the project, all members will be required to confirm their membership by February 1, 2010. If you are still interested in assisting with the project, please add yourself to the list at this page???this will renew your membership of WikiProject Wikify. Thank you for your support, WikiProject Wikify Delivered by MessageDeliveryBot on behalf of WikiProject Wikify at 19:41, 22 December 2010 (UTC). Speedy deletion nomination of Template:Deprecated/undated[edit] If this is the first article that you have created, you may want to read the guide to writing your first article. You may want to consider using the Article Wizard to help you create articles. Thank you for experimenting with Wikipedia. Your test worked, and the page that you created has been or soon will be deleted. Please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do. Take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia. If you think that this notice was placed here in error, you may contest the deletion by adding {{hang on}} to the top of the page that has been nominated for deletion (just below the existing speedy deletion, or "db", tag; if no such tag exists, then the page is no longer a speedy delete candidate and adding a hang-on tag is unnecessary), coupled with adding a note on the talk page explaining your position, but be aware that once tagged for speedy deletion, if the page meets the criterion, it may be deleted without delay. Please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself, but don't hesitate to add information to the page that would render it more in conformance with Wikipedia's policies and guidelines. If the page is deleted, you can contact one of these administrators to request that the administrator userfy the page or email a copy to you. Mhiji 01:21, 4 January 2011 (UTC) You're invited to the New York Wiknic![edit] You could be having this much fun! Seriously, consider coming. This message is being sent to inform you of a Wikipedia picnic that is being held in your area next Saturday, June 25. From 1 to 8 PM or any time in between, join your fellow volunteers for a get together at Norman's Landscape (directions) in Manhattan's Central Park. Take along your friends (newbies permitted), your family and other free culture enthusiasts! You may also want to pack a blanket, some water or perhaps even a frisbee. If you can, share what you're bringing at the discussion page. Also, please remember that this is the picnic that anyone can edit so bring enough food to share! To subscribe to future events, follow the mailing list or add your username to the invitation list. BrownBot (talk) 19:07, 19 June 2011 (UTC) Happy Birthday![edit] Happy Birthday, Gracenotes, from the Wikipedia Birthday Committee! Have a nice day! Logan Talk Contributions 01:00, 4 July 2011 (UTC) Wikipedia:The Musical in NYC Oct 22[edit] Wikipedia:The Musical in NYC You are invited to Wikipedia:The Musical in NYC, an editathon, Wikipedia meet-up and lectures that will be held on Saturday, October 22, 2011, at the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts (at Lincoln Center), as part of the Wikipedia Loves Libraries events being held across the USA. All are welcome, sign up on the wiki and here!--Pharos (talk) 04:21, 18 October 2011 (UTC) National Archives ExtravaSCANza[edit] You are invited to the National Archives ExtravaSCANza, taking place every day next week from January 4???7, Wednesday to Saturday, in College Park, Maryland (Washington, DC metro area). Come help me cap off my stint as Wikipedian in Residence at the National Archives with one last success! This will be a casual working event in which Wikipedians are getting together to scan interesting documents at the National Archives related to a different theme each day???currently: spaceflight, women's suffrage, Chile, and battleships???for use on Wikipedia/Wikimedia Commons. The event is being held on multiple days, and in the evenings and weekend, so that as many locals and out-of-towners from nearby regions1 as possible can come. Please join us! Dominic·t 01:19, 30 December 2011 (UTC) 1 Wikipedians from DC, Baltimore, Philadelphia, Newark, New York City, and Pittsburgh have been invited. Invitation to events in June and July: bot, script, template, and Gadget makers wanted[edit] I invite you to the yearly Berlin hackathon, 1-3 June. Registration is now open. If you need financial assistance or help with visa or hotel, then please register by May 1st and mention it in the registration form. This is the premier event for the MediaWiki and Wikimedia technical community. We'll be hacking, designing, teaching, and socialising, primarily talking about ResourceLoader and Gadgets (extending functionality with JavaScript), the switch to Lua for templates, Wikidata, and Wikimedia Labs. We want to bring 100-150 people together, including lots of people who have not attended such events before. User scripts, gadgets, API use, Toolserver, Wikimedia Labs, mobile, structured data, templates -- if you are into any of these things, we want you to come! I also thought you might want to know about other upcoming events where you can learn more about MediaWiki customization and development, how to best use the web API for bots, and various upcoming features and changes. We'd love to have power users, bot maintainers and writers, and template makers at these events so we can all learn from each other and chat about what needs doing. Check out the the developers' days preceding Wikimania in July in Washington, DC and our other events. Best wishes! - Sumana Harihareswara, Wikimedia Foundation's Volunteer Development Coordinator. Please reply on my talk page, here or at mediawiki.org. Sumana Harihareswara, Wikimedia Foundation Volunteer Development Coordinator 01:42, 4 April 2012 (UTC) You're invited to Wiki-Gangs of New York @ NYPL on April 21![edit] Wiki-Gangs of New York: April 21 at the New York Public Library Join us for an an civic edit-a-thon, Wikipedia meet-up and instructional workshop that will be held this weekend on Saturday, April 21, at the New York Public Library Main Branch. Venue: Stephen A. Schwarzman Building (NYPL Main Branch), Margaret Liebman Berger Forum (Room 227). Directions: Fifth Avenue at 42nd Street. Time: 11 a.m. - 5 p.m. (drop-ins welcome at any time) The event's goal will be to improve Wikipedia articles and content related to the neighborhoods and history of New York City - No special wiki knowledge is required! Also, please RSVP!--Pharos (talk) 17:35, 16 April 2012 (UTC) Nomination for deletion of Template:WP:UTM/NA[edit] Template:WP:UTM/NA has been nominated for deletion. You are invited to comment on the discussion at the template's entry on the Templates for discussion page. Kumioko (talk) 00:31, 5 June 2012 (UTC) Wikipedia Goes to the Movies in NYC this Saturday Dec 1[edit] Wikipedia Goes to the Movies in NYC You are invited to Wikipedia Goes to the Movies in NYC, an editathon, Wikipedia meet-up and workshops focused on film and the performing arts that will be held on Saturday, December 1, 2012, at the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts (at Lincoln Center), as part of the Wikipedia Loves Libraries events being held across the USA. All are welcome, sign up on the wiki and at meetup.com!--Pharos (talk) 07:13, 30 November 2012 (UTC) Wikipedia Day Celebration and Mini-Conference in NYC Saturday Feb 23[edit] Doing the "Open Space" thing at one of our earlier NYC Wiki-Conferences. You are invited to celebrate Wikipedia Day and the 12th anniversary (!) of the founding of the site at Wikipedia Day NYC on Saturday February 23, 2013 at New York University; sign up for Wikipedia Day NYC here, or at bit.ly/wikidaynyu. Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience!--Pharos (talk) 02:13, 2 January 2013 (UTC) Wikipedia Meetup NYC this Sunday April 14[edit] Hi Gracenotes! You're invited to our next meeting for Wikipedia Meetup NYC on Sunday April 14 -this weekend- at Symposium Greek Restaurant @ 544 W 113th St (in the back room), on the Upper West Side in the Columbia University area. Please sign up, and add your ideas to the agenda for Sunday. Thanks! Delivered on behalf of User:Pharos, 17:57, 10 April 2013 (UTC) NYC Wiki-Picnic: Saturday June 22[edit] Great American Wiknic NYC at Prospect Park You are invited to the Great American Wiknic NYC in Brooklyn's green and lovely Prospect Park, on this Saturday June 22! We would love to see you there, so sign up and bring something fun for the potluck :) -- User:Pharos (talk) Wikipedia Takes Brooklyn! Saturday September 7[edit] Please join Wikipedia Takes Brooklyn scavenger hunt on September 7, 2013! Everyone gather at the Brooklyn Public Library to further Wikipedia's coverage of??? photos and articles related to Brooklyn, its neighborhoods and the local landmarks. --EdwardsBot (talk) Wikimedia NYC Meetup! Saturday October 5[edit] Please join the Wikimedia NYC Meetup on October 5, 2013! Everyone gather at Jefferson Market Library to further Wikipedia's local outreach for education, museums, libraries and planning WikiConference USA. --Pharos (talk) 21:45, 1 October 2013 (UTC) Proggit listed at Redirects for discussion[edit] An editor has asked for a discussion to address the redirect Proggit. Since you had some involvement with the Proggit redirect, you might want to participate in the redirect discussion (if you have not already done so). Taylor Trescott - my talk + my edits 19:41, 16 October 2013 (UTC) Wikimedia NYC Meetup- "Greenwich Village In The 60s" Editathon! Saturday November 2[edit] Please join Wikipedia "Greenwich Village In The 60s" Editathon on November 2, 2013! Everyone gather at Jefferson Market Library to further Wikipedia's local outreach for Greenwich Village articles on the history and the community. --Pharos (talk) 21:38, 29 October 2013 (UTC) Wikimedia NYC Meetup- "Queens Open History Edit-a-Thon" at Queens Library! Friday December 6[edit] Please join Queens Open History Edit-a-Thon on December 6, 2013! Everyone gather at Queens Library to further Wikipedia's local outreach for borough articles on the history and the communities. Drop-ins welcome 10am-7pm!--Pharos (talk) ~~~~~ Saturday: NYC Art And Feminism Wikipedia Editathon[edit] Please join Wikipedia "Art and Feminism Editathon" @ Eyebeam on Saturday February 1, 2014, an event aimed at collaboratively expanding Wikipedia articles covering Art and Feminism, and the biographies of women artists! There are also regional events that day in Brooklyn, Westchester County, and the Hudson Valley. --Pharos (talk) Upcoming Saturday events - March 1: Harlem History Editathon and March 8: NYU Law Editathon[edit] Upcoming Saturday events - March 1: Harlem History Editathon and March 8: NYU Law Editathon You are invited to join upcoming Wikipedia "Editathons", where both experienced and new Wikipedia editors will collaboratively improve articles on a selected theme, on the following two Saturdays in March: Saturday March 1: Harlem History Editathon (RSVP), focusing on Harlem history, landmarks and biographies Saturday March 8: NYU Law Editathon (RSVP), focusing on innovation law and intellectual property (with social dinner afterward) I hope to see you there! Pharos (talk) (You can unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by removing your name from this list.) Saturday June 21: Wiki Loves Pride[edit] Upcoming Saturday event - June 21: Wiki Loves Pride NYC You are invited to join us at Jefferson Market Library for "Wiki Loves Pride", hosted by New York Public Library, Metropolitan New York Library Council, Wikimedia LGBT and Wikimedia New York City, where both experienced and new Wikipedia editors will collaboratively improve articles on this theme: Saturday June 21: Wiki Loves Pride NYC (RSVP), focusing on LGBT history and culture. 11am???4pm at Jefferson Market Library. We hope to see you there! Pharos (talk) (You can unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by removing your name from this list.) Sunday July 6: WikNYC Picnic[edit] Sunday July 6: WikNYC Picnic You are invited to join us the "picnic anyone can edit" in Central Park, as part of the Great American Wiknic celebrations being held across the USA. Remember it's a wiki-picnic, which means potluck. Sunday July 6 WikNYC Picnic (RSVP). 1pm???8pm at southwest section of the Great Lawn, north of the Delacorte Theater. Also, before the picnic, you can join in the Wikimedia NYC chapter's annual meeting. 11:30am-12:30pm at Yeoryia Studios, 2067 Broadway. We hope to see you there!--Pharos (talk) 16:51, 28 June 2014 (UTC) (You can unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by removing your name from this list.) Happy birthday!!![edit] Just a happy Birthday message to you, Gracenotes, from the Wikipedia Birthday Committee! Have a great day! Anastasia (talk) 19:41, 4 July 2014 (UTC) Sunday August 17: NYC Wiki-Salon and Skill Share[edit] Sunday August 17: NYC Wiki-Salon and Skill Share You are invited to join the the Wikimedia NYC community for our upcoming wiki-salon and knowledge-sharing workshop on the Upper West Side of Manhattan. Sunday August 17 NYC Wiki-Salon and Skill Share (RSVP). 2pm???5pm at Yeoryia Studios at Epic Security Building, 2067 Broadway (5th floor). Afterwards at 5pm, we'll walk to a social wiki-dinner together at a neighborhood restaurant (to be decided). We hope to see you there!--Pharos (talk) 15:58, 4 August 2014 (UTC) (You can unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by removing your name from this list.) Happy First Edit Day[edit] Happy First Edit Day, Gracenotes, from the Wikipedia Birthday Committee! Have a great day! Vatsan34 (talk) 10:06, 16 November 2014 (UTC) Thursday December 4: NYC Wiki-Salon and Skill Share[edit] Thursday December 4: NYC Wiki-Salon and Skill Share You are invited to join the the Wikimedia NYC community for our upcoming wiki-salon and knowledge-sharing workshop in Manhattan's Greenwich Village. Thursday December 4 NYC Wiki-Salon and Skill Share (RSVP). 6:30pm???8pm at Babycastles, 137 West 14th Street Afterwards at 8pm, we'll walk to a social wiki-dinner together at a neighborhood restaurant (to be decided). We hope to see you there!--Pharos (talk) 07:11, 27 November 2014 (UTC) (You can unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by removing your name from this list.) Saturday February 7 in NYC: Black Life Matters Editathon[edit] Saturday February 7 in NYC: Black Life Matters Editathon You are invited to join us at New York Public Library's Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture for our upcoming editathon, a part of the Black WikiHistory Month campaign (which also includes events in Brooklyn and Westchester!). Saturday February 7 Black Life Matters Editathon (RSVP). 12:00pm - 5:00 pm at NYPL Schomburg Center, 515 Malcolm X Boulevard (Lenox Avenue), by W 135th St The Wikipedia training and editathon will take place in the Aaron Douglas Reading Room of the Jean Blackwell Hutson Research and Reference Division, with a reception following in the Langston Hughes lobby on the first floor of the building at 5:00pm. We hope to see you there!--Pharos (talk) 06:02, 27 January 2015 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sunday March 22: Wikipedia Day NYC Celebration and Mini-Conference[edit] Sunday March 22: Wikipedia Day NYC 2015 You are invited to join us at Barnard College for Wikipedia Day NYC 2015, a Wikipedia celebration and mini-conference for the project's 14th birthday. In addition to the party, the event will be a participatory unconference, with plenary panels, lightning talks, and of course open space sessions. We also hope for the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. Sunday March 22 Wikipedia Day NYC 2015 (RSVP on-wiki or at bit.ly/wikidaybarnard). 10:00pm - 9:00 pm at Barnard College, 3009 Broadway, by W 118th St We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 21:58, 9 March 2015 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) April 29: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday April 29, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our inaugural evening "WikiWednesday" salon and knowledge-sharing workshop by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. We also hope for the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming editathons, and other outreach activities. After the main meeting, pizza and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday April 29 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles, 137 West 14th Street Featuring a keynote talk this month on Lady Librarians & Feminist Epistemologies! We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 18:28, 14 April 2015 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) June 10: WikiWednesday Salon / Wikimedia NYC Annual Meeting[edit] Wednesday June 10, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon / Wikimedia NYC Annual Meeting You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our next evening "WikiWednesday" salon and knowledge-sharing workshop by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. This month will also feature on our agenda: recent and upcoming editathons, the organization's Annual Meeting, and Chapter board elections. We also hope for the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming editathons, and other outreach activities. After the main meeting, pizza and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday June 10 WikiWednesday Salon / Wikimedia NYC Annual Meeting (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles, 137 West 14th Street Featuring a keynote talk this month to be determined! We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 16:20, 12 May 2015 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) July 8: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday July 8, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our evening "WikiWednesday" salon and knowledge-sharing workshop by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. This month will also feature on a review of past and upcoming editathons, including Black Lunch Table Editathon @ MoMA on July 13. We also hope for the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming editathons, and other outreach activities. After the main meeting, pizza and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday July 8 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles, 137 West 14th Street Featuring a keynote talk this month to be determined! We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 05:45, 28 June 2015 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sunday August 2: WikNYC Picnic[edit] Sunday August 2, 1-7pm: WikNYC Picnic You are invited to join us the "picnic anyone can edit" in Brooklyn's Prospect Park, as part of the Great American Wiknic celebrations being held across the USA. Remember it's a wiki-picnic, which means potluck. Sunday August 2 WikNYC Picnic (RSVP) (also on meetup.com) 1pm???7pm - come by any time! @ Bartel-Pritchard Square entrance (Prospect Park West and 15th St), immediately on the lawn to your left as you walk through the lovely lotus columns. Subway: to 15th Street ??? Prospect Park (IND Culver Line) We hope to see you there! --Pharos (talk) 03:32, 24 July 2015 (UTC) (Bonus event: WikiWednesday Salon @ Babycastles - Wednedsay, August 19) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) August 19: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday August 19, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our evening "WikiWednesday" salon and knowledge-sharing workshop by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. We also hope for the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming editathons, and other outreach activities. After the main meeting, pizza and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday August 19 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles, 137 West 14th Street Featuring a keynote talk this month to be determined! We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 15:59, 11 August 2015 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) September 16: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday September 16, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our evening "WikiWednesday" salon and knowledge-sharing workshop by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. This month, we will also host a Newcomer's Wiki Workshop for those getting started on the encyclopedia project! We hope for the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming editathons, and other outreach activities. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday September 16 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles, 137 West 14th Street Featuring a keynote talk this month to be determined! We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 15:11, 10 September 2015 (UTC) Bonus events, RSVP now for our latest upcoming editathons: September 20 - Afrocrowd Wikipedia editathon @ Queens Library October 3 - WikiArte Latin America editathon @ MoMA October 15 - Women in Architecture editathon @ Guggenheim (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Saturday October 3: WikiArte Latin America Edit-a-thon @ MoMA[edit] Saturday October 3: WikiArte Latin America Edit-a-thon @ MoMA You are invited to join us for a full Saturday (drop-in any time!) of social Wikipedia editing at the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) for our upcoming "WikiArte" Latin America Edit-a-thon, for Wiki Arte y Cultura Latinoamericana, a communal day of creating, updating, improving, and translating Wikipedia articles about Latin American art and culture. Saturday October 3 WikiArte Edit-a-thon @ MoMA (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 11:00am - 5:00 pm (drop-in anytime!) at MoMA Cullman Education and Research Building, 4 West 54th Street All are invited, with no specialized knowledge of the subject or Wikipedia editing experience required. We will provide training sessions and resources for beginner Wikipedians, WiFi, reference materials, and suggested topics, as well as childcare and refreshments. Please bring your laptop, power cord, and ideas for articles that need to be updated, translated, or created. You are welcome to edit all day or drop by to show your support, and to follow #WikiArte on social media! Trainings for new and less experienced Wikipedia editors will be offered (in English) at 11:30 a.m., 1:30 p.m., and 3:30 p.m. Tutorials and resources in Spanish will be available online, and participants are also encouraged to work on the Spanish and Portuguese language editions of Wikipedia. We hope to see you there!--Pharos (talk) 10:33, 28 September 2015 (UTC) P.S. Next event, October 15 - Women in Architecture editathon @ Guggenheim (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Thursday October 15: Women in Architecture Edit-a-thon @ Guggenheim (drop-in any time, noon-8pm!)[edit] Thursday October 15: Women in Architecture Edit-a-thon @ Guggenheim You are invited to join us for a full afternoon and evening of social Wikipedia editing at the Guggenheim (drop-in any time, noon-8pm!), during which we will create, update, and improve Wikipedia articles covering the lives and works of women in architecture. Saturday October 15 Women in Architecture Edit-a-thon @ Guggenheim (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). noon - 8pm (drop-in anytime!) at Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, Garrett Lobby @ 1071 5th Ave by E 88 St In conjunction with Archtober and New York Archives Week, the Guggenheim will host its third Wikipedia edit-a-thon???or, #guggathon??? to enhance articles related to women in architecture on Wikipedia. The Guggenheim aims to further the goals of Ada Lovelace Day for STEM, and Art+Feminism for art, in a field that, by its nature combines both. The Guggenheim will work alongside ArchiteXX, the founders of WikiD: Women Wikipedia Design #wikiD, the international education and advocacy program working to increase the number of Wikipedia articles on women in architecture and the built environment. New and experienced editors are welcome. Can???t join us in New York? Visit our global partnerships page to discover an edit-a-thon in a city near you or simply join remotely. We hope to see you there!--Pharos (talk) 19:34, 7 October 2015 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Thursday October 15: Women in Architecture Edit-a-thon @ Guggenheim (drop-in any time, noon-8pm!)[edit] Thursday October 15: Women in Architecture Edit-a-thon @ Guggenheim You are invited to join us for a full day and evening of social Wikipedia editing at the Guggenheim (drop-in any time, noon-8pm!), during which we will create, update, and improve Wikipedia articles covering the lives and works of women in architecture. Thursday, October 15 Women in Architecture Edit-a-thon @ Guggenheim (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). noon - 8pm (drop-in anytime!) at Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, Garrett Lobby @ 1071 5th Ave by E 88 St In conjunction with Archtober and New York Archives Week, the Guggenheim will host its third Wikipedia edit-a-thon???or, #guggathon???to enhance articles related to women in architecture on Wikipedia. The Guggenheim aims to further the goals of Ada Lovelace Day for STEM, and Art+Feminism for art, in a field that, by its nature combines both. The Guggenheim will work alongside ArchiteXX, the founders of WikiD: Women Wikipedia Design #wikiD, the international education and advocacy program working to increase the number of Wikipedia articles on women in architecture and the built environment. New and experienced editors are welcome. Can???t join us in New York? Visit our global partnerships page to discover an edit-a-thon in a city near you or simply join remotely. We hope to see you there!--Pharos (talk) 19:58, 7 October 2015 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Oct 28: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday October 28, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our evening "WikiWednesday" salon and knowledge-sharing workshop by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. This month, we will also host a Newcomer's Wiki Workshop for those getting started on the encyclopedia project! We will also include a look at our annual plan and budget ideas, to see if the chapter is able to fiscally sponsor more ongoing projects tied to our core mission of expanding and diversifying free knowledge. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming editathons, and other outreach activities. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday October WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles, 137 West 14th Street We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 17:45, 22 October 2015 (UTC) Bonus events, RSVP now for our latest upcoming editathons: October 25 - AfroCROWD + DAWN @ Brooklyn Public Library November 4 - Aphra Behn Society @ Grand Summit Hotel (Summit, NJ) November 10 - Basquiat: Still Fly 55 @ MoMA (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sunday Nov 22: Soviet Jewry Edit-a-thon & Women In Science Edit-a-thon[edit] Two options for this Sunday: Soviet Jewry Edit-a-thon & Women In Science Edit-a-thon You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for one of two edit-a-thons this Sunday, just bring your laptop and an interest in participating! No special knowledge of the subject or Wikipedia knowledge is required, and there will be Wikipedia training workshops for new folks. Soviet Jewry Edit-a-thon @ Center for Jewish History 15 West 16th Street, New York, NY 11:00 am - 4:00 pm, Sun Nov 22 Join at the Center for Jewish History (drop-in any time!), during which we will create, update, and improve Wikipedia articles pertaining to the American Soviet Jewry movement. Women In Science Edit-a-thon @ NY Academy of Sciences 7 World Trade Center - 40th Floor 1:00 pm - 5:00 pm, Sun Nov 22 Join at the NY Academy of Sciences, during which we will create, update, and improve Wikipedia articles pertaining to the lives and works of women scientists. Note that seating is limited for the Women in Science event, as well as signing up on-wiki, please RSVP by email. Bonus event: December 9 - WikiWednesday Salon @ Babycastles --MediaWiki message delivery (talk) 07:32, 19 November 2015 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Dec 9: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC; Dec 12: Art & Law editathon + Dec 13: Black Film editathon[edit] Wednesday December 9, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our evening "WikiWednesday" salon and knowledge-sharing workshop by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. This month, we will also host a Newcomer's Wiki Workshop for those getting started on the encyclopedia project! We will also include a look at our annual plan and budget ideas, and welcome input from community members on the sorts of projects the chapter should support through both volunteer and budgetary efforts. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming editathons, and other outreach activities. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday December 9 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 137 West 14th Street We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! (One talk this month will be on use of Wikipedia press passes for photographers.) Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 13:38, 4 December 2015 (UTC) Bonus events, RSVP now for our upcoming editathons: Saturday December 12 - Art & Law @ School of Visual Arts editathon Sunday December 13 - Black Film: AfroCROWD editathon (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Saturday January 16: Wikipedia Day NYC Celebration and Mini-Conference[edit] Saturday January 16: Wikipedia Day NYC 2016 You are invited to join us at New York University for Wikipedia Day NYC 2016, a Wikipedia celebration and mini-conference as part of Wikipedia 15, the project's global 15th birthday festivities. In addition to the party, the event will be a participatory unconference, with plenary panels, lightning talks, and of course open space sessions. We also hope for the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. Saturday January 16 Wikipedia Day NYC 2016 (RSVP on-wiki or at bit.ly/wikiday15). 10:00am - 7:00 pm at NYU ITP Tisch School of the Arts, 721 Broadway (between Waverly and Washington Place) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 17:56, 23 December 2015 (UTC) Saturday February 6 in NYC: Black Life Matters Editathon[edit] Saturday February 6 in NYC: Black Life Matters Editathon You are invited to join us and the AfroCROWD initiative at New York Public Library's Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture for our upcoming editathon, a part of the Black WikiHistory Month campaign. Saturday February 6 Black Life Matters Editathon (RSVP). 12:00pm - 5:00 pm at NYPL Schomburg Center, 515 Malcolm X Boulevard (Lenox Avenue), by W 135th St The Wikipedia training and editathon will take place in the Aaron Douglas Reading Room of the Jean Blackwell Hutson Research and Reference Division, with a reception following in the Langston Hughes lobby on the first floor of the building at 5:00pm. We hope to see you there!--Pharos (talk) 19:16, 1 February 2016 (UTC) (Bonus upcoming event: WikiWednesday Salon @ Babycastles - Wednesday, February 17) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Feb 16: Art+Feminism Training / Photo-Poetics @ Guggenheim Feb 17: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Tuesday February 16, 5:30pm: Art+Feminism Training / Photo-Poetics @ Guggenheim You are invited to join us for an evening of social Wikipedia training and editing at the Guggenheim, with a workshop given by the Art+Feminism project to prepare for next month's major campaign, and a tour and edit-a-thon of Photo-Poetics: An Anthology. Tuesday, February 16 Art+Feminism Training / Photo-Poetics @ Guggenheim (RSVP at Eventbrite - Participants have to bring their own laptops and power cords). 5:30pm - 8:30pm at Sackler Center Media Lab, Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, 1071 Fifth Avenue; enter through 89th Street staff entrance Wednesday February 17, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our evening "WikiWednesday" salon and knowledge-sharing workshop by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. This month, we will also host a Newcomer's Wiki Workshop for those getting started on the encyclopedia project! We will also include a look at our annual plan and budget ideas, and welcome input from community members on the sorts of projects the chapter should support through both volunteer and budgetary efforts. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming editathons, and other outreach activities. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday December 17 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 137 West 14th Street We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! (One talk this month will be on use of Wikipedia press passes for photographers.) Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 00:27, 11 February 2016 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Saturday, March 5: Art+Feminism Edit-a-thon @ MoMA[edit] Saturday March 5, 10am-5pm: Art+Feminism Edit-a-thon @ MoMA You are invited to join us for the MoMA Art+Feminism edit-a-thon on Saturday, to support the expansion of Wikipedia's coverage of women in the arts. We encourage both people new to Wikipedia, and people who have experience editing online, or have joined us for past edit-a-thon events. This is by far our biggest event of the year (over 200 participants in the last edition), and every extra hand counts, so please join and volunteer to help us engage new communities! Saturday, March 5 Art+Feminism Edit-a-thon @ MoMA (RSVP at Eventbrite - Participants have to bring their own laptops and power cords). 10:00am - 5:00pm (drop-in anytime!) at The Dorothy and Lewis B. Cullman Education and Research Building at the Museum of Modern Art, 4 West 54 Street - between 5th/6th, New York, NY 10019 Please note that this entrance is one block north of the main 53rd Street entrance, closer to 5th Avenue. And bring your interested friends and colleagues! For those outside of the city, or unable to join on Saturday, check out Art+Feminism regional and global events as well. --Pharos (talk) 21:48, 2 March 2016 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) March 16: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday March 16, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. We will include a look at the organization and planning for our chapter, and expanding volunteer roles for both regular Wikipedia editors and new participants. We will also follow up on plans for recent (Art+Feminism!) and upcoming edit-a-thons, and other outreach activities. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. We will also vote on nominations for the global Wikimedia Foundation board. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday March 16 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 137 West 14th Street We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! (One likely talk this month will be on the Wikidata project.) Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 18:10, 10 March 2016 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) April 13: WikiWednesday Salon NYC and Mini-Video Opportunity[edit] Wednesday April 13, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon NYC and Mini-Video Opportunity You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. Special this month, a Mini-Video opportunity for individuals to share their Wikipedia experiences (during pre-meeting, 6-7pm, and in side-office during regular meetup). A videographer will be present to record 1-3 minute Mini-Videos of folks informally speaking, sharing anything about their Wikipedia-related projects, whether an edit-a-thon they joined, an article they edited, or a class project they were a part of, etc. We will also follow up on plans for recent (Art+Feminism!) and upcoming edit-a-thons, and other outreach activities. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. We will also place our chapter's votes for the global Wikimedia Foundation board. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday April 13 at Babycastles gallery, 137 West 14th Street - WikiWednesday Salon NYC and Mini-Video Opportunity (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 6:00pm - 7:00pm Mini-Video and social hour 7:00pm - 9:00pm Regular meeting: Introduction for new participants, Noshing, Chapter projects We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 14:19, 6 April 2016 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Saturday April 30: Contemporary Art of the Middle East and North Africa @ Guggenheim[edit] Saturday April 30, 1-6pm: Contemporary Art of the Middle East and North Africa @ Guggenheim File:Monir Portrait-exh ph021.jpg On Saturday April 30, 2016, in conjunction with a global campaign, the Guggenheim will host its fourth Wikipedia edit-a-thon ??? or, #guggathon ??? to enhance Wikipedia's coverage of modern and contemporary artists from the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region, and to counter geocultural systemic bias on Wikipedia. The Guggenheim aims to further the goals of the Guggenheim UBS MAP Global Art Initiative, and build on the model of campaigns like the Wikipedia Edit-a-thon at the Guggenheim: Women in Architecture, Wikipedia Asian Month, and Art+Feminism. New and experienced editors are welcome. The event will include a training session for participants who are new to Wikipedia and Wikipedia specialists will be on hand to provide basic instruction and editing support. Can???t join us in New York? Visit our global MENA Artists Month partnership page to coordinate international and online events as well. Saturday. April 30 Contemporary Art of the Middle East and North Africa @ Guggenheim (Participants have to bring their own laptops and power cords). Time: Presentation: 1:00 pm - 2:30 pm, Edit-a-thon: 2:30pm - 6:00pm Location: Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, 1071 Fifth Avenue (88th Street), New York City, New York 10128 Guests should enter using the 88th Street entrance via the ramp at 88th Street and Fifth Avenue Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) ~~~~~ (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) May 25: WikiWednesday Salon NYC / Enterprise MediaWiki Conference[edit] Wednesday May 25, 6pm: WikiWednesday Salon NYC / Enterprise MediaWiki Conference You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon. This month's WikiWednesday Salon, we'll meet and share with the MediaWiki software development community, through a community learning night at NYU on May 25. Wednesday May 25 at NYU Tisch School of Arts, 721 Broadway, 4th floor (same location as Wikipedia Day in January) - WikiWednesday Salon NYC / Enterprise MediaWiki Conference (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 6:00 pm: Introduction, pizza 7:00 pm: MediaWiki tutorial, community involvement and extension ideas, novel uses of wiki technology 8:00 pm: State of the Wikimedia Foundation and Wikipedia / Wikimedia community 9:00 pm: Monthly WikiSalon in San Francisco video-link, casual bicoastal chat Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 13:50, 21 May 2016 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sunday June 5: Women in Jewish History Edit-a-thon[edit] Sunday June 5, 12-5pm: Women in Jewish History Edit-a-thon Join us for a full Sunday of social Wikipedia editing at the Center for Jewish History (drop-in any time!), during which we will create, update, and improve Wikipedia articles pertaining to Women in Jewish History. All are invited, with no specialized knowledge of the subject or Wikipedia editing experience required. Expanding coverage of Jewish women on Wikipedia makes these women and their creations discoverable, addresses the gender bias on Wikipedia in a positive way, and works to correct imbalances archival collecting practice and institutional projects that have historically silenced women's narratives. A training session on editing Wikipedia will be held at 12:30 pm. Experienced Wikipedians will be on-hand to assist throughout the day. Please bring your laptop and power cord; we will have library resources, WiFi, and a list of suggested topics on hand. Light refreshments will be provided. Make edits! Ask questions! Be bold! Sunday June 5 Women in Jewish History Edit-a-thon (Participants have to bring their own laptops and power cords). Time: 12:00 pm ??? 5:00 pm Location: Center for Jewish History, 15 West 16th Street (between 5th and 6th Avenues), New York City, New York 10011 Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 15:02, 1 June 2016 (UTC) P.S. Stay tuned / sign up early for our June 15 WikiWednesday and other upcoming events. (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) June 15: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday June 15, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. Featuring special guest presentations on Wikipedia Asian Month and Wikipedia Club at Ohio State University. We will include a look at the organization and planning for our chapter, and expanding volunteer roles for both regular Wikipedia editors and new participants. We will also follow up on plans for recent (Art+Feminism! AfroCrowd!) and upcoming edit-a-thons, and other outreach activities. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday June 15 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 137 West 14th Street We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 01:38, 12 June 2016 (UTC) P.S. Stay tuned / sign up early for our AfroCrowd June calendar, June 29 Pride Edit-a-thon @ MoMA, and July 15 Wiknic @ Central Park, among other upcoming events. (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Wednesday June 29: Wiki Loves Pride Edit-a-thon @ MoMA[edit] Wednesday June 29, 6-8:30pm: Wiki Loves Pride Edit-a-thon @ MoMA Join us for an evening of social Wikipedia editing at the Museum of Modern Art Library's second annual Wiki Loves Pride Edit-a-thon, during which we will create, update, and improve Wikipedia articles pertaining to LGBT art, culture and history. All are invited, with no specialized knowledge of the subject or Wikipedia editing experience required. Also featuring a lightning talk by CUNY students at the La Guardia and Wagner Archives on a project to document local 1980s HIV/AIDS activism on Wikipedia. Experienced Wikipedians will be on-hand to assist throughout the day. Please bring your laptop and power cord; we will have library resources, WiFi, and a list of suggested topics on hand. Wednesday June 29 Wiki Loves Pride Edit-a-thon @ MoMA (Participants have to bring their own laptops and power cords). Time: 6:00 pm ??? 8:30 pm Location: Dorothy and Lewis B. Cullman Education and Research Building at MoMA, 4 West 54 Street - between 5th/6th Ave, New York, NY 10019 Please note that this entrance is one block north of the main 53rd Street entrance, closer to 5th Avenue. Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 21:02, 20 June 2016 (UTC) P.S. Stay tuned / sign up early for our Sunday July 10 Wiknic in Central Park and other upcoming events. (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sunday July 10: WikNYC Picnic @ Central Park[edit] Sunday July 10, 3-8pm: WikNYC Picnic You are invited to join us the "picnic anyone can edit" in Manhattan's Central Park, as part of the Great American Wiknic celebrations being held across the USA. Remember it's a wiki-picnic, which means potluck. Sunday July 10 WikNYC Picnic (RSVP) (also on meetup.com) 3???8pm - come by any time! The picnicking area is the southwest section of the Great Lawn, north of the Delacorte Theater, just inside the park at Central Park West between 81st & 82nd. Enter the park at West 81st St. Look for us by the Wikipedia / Wikimedia NYC banner! Subway: 81st Street ??? Museum of Natural History, C Line We hope to see you there! --Pharos (talk) 14:54, 5 July 2016 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) August 17: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday Auugust 17, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. Featuring special guest presentations on WikiVerse and Bringing Wikipedia to the Last Mile. We will include a look at the organization and planning for our chapter, and expanding volunteer roles for both regular Wikipedia editors and new participants. We will also follow up on plans for recent (UN Women!) and upcoming edit-a-thons, and other outreach activities. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday August 17 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 137 West 14th Street We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 23:20, 16 August 2016 (UTC) P.S. Prep for our chapter elections next month in September (and add your candidacy!): Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/Elections (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Nomination for deletion of Template:Rfcurl[edit] Template:Rfcurl has been nominated for deletion. You are invited to comment on the discussion at the template's entry on the Templates for discussion page. Andy Mabbett (Pigsonthewing); Talk to Andy; Andy's edits 17:05, 25 August 2016 (UTC) September 14: WikiWednesday Salon / Wikimedia NYC Annual Meeting[edit] Wednesday September 14, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon / Wikimedia NYC Annual Meeting You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our evening "WikiWednesday" salon and knowledge-sharing workshop by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. This month will also feature on our agenda, upcoming editathons, the organization's Annual Meeting, and Chapter board elections. We will include a look at the organization and planning for our chapter, and expanding volunteer roles for both regular Wikipedia editors and new participants. We will also follow up on plans for recent (UN Women and CFR!) and upcoming edit-a-thons, and other outreach activities. We also hope for the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming editathons, and other outreach activities. Along with the main meeting, hummus and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday September 14 WikiWednesday Salon / Wikimedia NYC Annual Meeting (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles, 137 West 14th Street Featuring a keynote talk this month to be determined! We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 18:06, 10 September 2016 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sun October 16: CommonsLab / Open House NY Photo Contest + Hackathon[edit] Sunday October 16, 2pm: CommonsLab / Open House NY Photo Contest + Hackathon On Sunday, October 16, Wikimedia NYC will host a multimedia tutorial, workshop, and hackathon focused on Wikimedia Commons and the work processes for cultural multimedia wiki-projects. The CommonsLab is the concluding "upload party" to the Wikipedia @ Open House New York Weekend photo scavenger hunt, and an accompanying Wikimedia Commons multimedia hackathon. The event will take the form of a modified unconference, with sessions for photographers/creatives, editors/writers and hackers/software folks! Sunday October 16 CommonsLab / Open House NY Photo Contest + Hackathon 2:00pm - 8:00 pm at NYU ITP, Tisch School of Arts, 721 Broadway, 4th Floor Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 13:35, 14 October 2016 (UTC) And RSVP now for our next event after this, focusing on Latin American art and artists: WikiArte Latin American Edit-a-thon @ MoMA (Saturday October 22, 2016) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Saturday October 22: WikiArte Latin American Edit-a-thon @ MoMA[edit] Saturday October 22, 10am: WikiArte Latin American Edit-a-thon @ MoMA Join us for a full Saturday of social Wikipedia editing at the Museum of Modern Art (drop-in any time!), during which we will create, update, and improve Wikipedia articles pertaining to the lives and works of Latin American artists. The WikiArte (Wiki Arte y Cultura Latinoamerica) edit-a-thon is a global campaign to improve Wikipedia's coverage of Latin American arts and culture and to counter geocultural systemic bias on Wikipedia. Featuring an opening Artists' Panel at 10am, with Sol Aramendi, Sharon Lee De La Cruz, and Marisa Morán Jahn, to be moderated by Rocío Aranda-Alvarado, curator at El Museo del Barrio. The Museum of Modern Art and Fundacion Cisneros/Colección Patricia Phelps de Cisneros are uniting with international allies to focus on the lives and works of Latin American artists, architects and designers. With keystone events scheduled for October 22 in New York City and other cities throughout the month (Mexico City, Buenos Aires, Caracas, & others), the campaign aims to further similar goals to Art+Feminism. All are invited, with no specialized knowledge of the subject or Wikipedia editing experience required. Introductory training on the basics of Wikipedia editing will be given throughout the edit-a-thon. Please bring your laptop and power cord; we will have library resources, WiFi, and a list of suggested topics on hand. Saturday October 22 WikiArte Latin American Edit-a-thon @ MoMA (meetup) (eventbrite) 10:00am - 6:00pm at The Dorothy and Lewis B. Cullman Education and Research Building at MoMA, 4 West 54th Street (between 5th and 6th Avenue) Please note that this entrance is one block north of the main 53rd Street entrance, closer to 5th Avenue Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 23:28, 19 October 2016 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Saturday November 12: Women in Science Edit-a-thon @ NY Academy of Sciences (plus Sunday Indigenous People's Justice event)[edit] Saturday November 12, 12-4pm: Women in Science Edit-a-thon @ NY Academy of Sciences Join us for a full Saturday of social Wikipedia editing at NY Academy of Sciences (drop-in any time!), during which we will create, update, and improve Wikipedia articles covering Women in science for their second annual edit-a-thon!. This event also coincides with the year-long celebration of the Academy's 200th Anniversary and a Women in Red online campaign. Beginning and experienced Wikipedia writers are both welcome, and there will be helpers on hand to assist those new to editing the encyclopedia. Saturday November 12: Women in Science Edit-a-thon @ NY Academy of Sciences Time: 12:00 pm - 4:00 pm (drop-in anytime!) Location: New York Academy of Sciences. 7 World Trade Center, 250 Greenwich Street (between Vesey and Barclay Streets in Manhattan), 40th Floor You must also register at the NYAS site here: www.nyas.org/WikiEdit2016 Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 19:26, 10 November 2016 (UTC) And RSVP now for our other event this Sunday in Brooklyn, focusing on Indigenous communities and social justice: Indigenous People's Justice @ Interference Archive Sunday November 13, 2016, 2:00- 6:00 pm (drop-in anytime!) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Saturday December 3: Contemporary Chinese Art Edit-a-thon @ Guggenheim[edit] Saturday December 3: Contemporary Chinese Art Edit-a-thon @ Guggenheim On Saturday December 3, 2016, in conjunction with a global campaign, the Guggenheim will host its fifth Wikipedia edit-a-thon???or, #guggathon???to enhance Wikipedia's coverage of modern and contemporary artists from Greater China. The event will cap off Wikipedia Asian Month, an online campaign dedicated to augmenting Asian content on Wikipedia throughout November. New and experienced editors are welcome. The event will include a training session for participants who are new to Wikipedia, and Wikipedia specialists will be on hand to provide basic instruction and editing support. Editors are invited to view the exhibition Tales of Our Time following the event. The Guggenheim aims to raise awareness of the artists featured in the Tales of Our Time exhibition supported by The Robert H. N. Ho Family Foundation Chinese Art Initiative, and build on the model of campaigns like the Wikipedia Edit-a-thon at the Guggenheim: Women in Architecture, Wikipedia Edit-a-thon at the Guggenheim: Contemporary Art of the Middle East and North Africa, and Art+Feminism. Saturday December 3: Contemporary Chinese Art Edit-a-thon @ Guggenheim Time: 11:00 am - 3:00 pm Location: Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum. 1071 Fifth Ave, Manhattan. Enter at the 88th Street entrance via the ramp at 88th Street and Fifth Avenue. RSVP: on Meetup.com or on Wikipedia Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 09:45, 23 November 2016 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) December 21: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (plus Wikipedia Day on Jan 15!)[edit] Wednesday December 21, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. This will be the holiday party! Celebrate a December holiday with us, or in wiki-fashion, edit the calendar itself and join us to celebrate any holiday of your choice regardless of when it usually happens. Featuring special guest presentations on structure data, university library meetups, metrics and reporting, and other topics. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, and other outreach activities. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. After the main meeting, savory and sweet pies and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday December 21 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 137 West 14th Street We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 21:43, 17 December 2016 (UTC) And RSVP now (and prepare your talks) for Wikipedia Day 2017 @ Ace Hotel NYC on Sunday Jan 15! (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sunday January 15: Wikipedia Day NYC Celebration and Mini-Conference[edit] Sunday January 15: Wikipedia Day NYC 2017 You are invited to join us at Ace Hotel for Wikipedia Day NYC 2017, a Wikipedia celebration and mini-conference as part of the project's global 16th birthday festivities. In addition to the party, the event will be a participatory unconference, with plenary panels, lightning talks, and of course open space sessions. With special guests Katherine Maher of the Wikimedia Foundation and Tim Wu of Columbia Law School speaking on our Post-truth panel! Also featuring an International/Multilingual panel, a Documenting Activism panel, a Multimedia/Tech Panel, a Science panel, an Art panel, and more. And there will be cake. We also hope for the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. Sunday January 15 Wikipedia Day NYC 2017 (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 10:00am - 7:00 pm at Ace Hotel, 20 West 29th Street in Manhattan We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 14:57, 8 January 2017 (UTC) February 15: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday February 15, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. Featuring special guest presentations on WikiProject La Guardia and Wagner Archives, WikiProject Metropolitan Museum of Art, Wiki Loves the Dominican Republic, and more. We will include a look at the organization and planning for our chapter, and expanding volunteer roles for both regular Wikipedia editors and new participants. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, and other outreach activities. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday February 15 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 137 West 14th Street We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 22:17, 9 February 2017 (UTC) P.S. Get ready now for Black WikiHistory Month Weekend: Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/AfroCrowd/Schomburg Black Power (Saturday Feb 25) Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/Action=History (Sunday Feb 26) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) March 11: Art+Feminism Edit-a-thon @ MoMA (and beyond!)[edit] Saturday March 11: Art+Feminism Edit-a-thon @ MoMA Join us at the Dorothy and Lewis B. Cullman Education and Research Building at the Museum of Modern Art, 4 West 54th Street, on Saturday, March 11, 2017 from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. for an all-day communal updating of Wikipedia entries on subjects related to art and feminism. There will be childcare, snacks, multiple trainings and panel discussions. People of all gender identities and expressions welcomed and encouraged to attend. This year???s edit-a-thon kicks off at 10:00 a.m. with a conversation about information activism with writer Joanne McNeil and Data & Society Research Institute Fellow Zara Rahman, moderated by Kimberly Drew, the social media manager for the Metropolitan Museum of Art, creator of the Tumblr ???Black Contemporary Art,??? and the person behind @museummammy on Instagram. Afternoon breakout groups will engage in focused discussions about related issues, including intersectionality and librarianship, power structures in notability guidelines on Wikipedia, and radical archives. --Pharos (talk) 18:46, 7 March 2017 (UTC) MoMA event on Wikimedia NYC Meetup And a broader calendar of events on the theme this week/weekend, and the next: Mar 08 - Gladys Marcus Library, Fashion Institute of Technology 11am - 5pm in New York, NY Wikipedia:NYC/FIT/Womens Day Edit-a-thon Mar 11 -Purchase College Library 11am - 4pm in Purchase, NY Facebook event Mar 11 - The Museum of Modern Art 10am - 5pm in New York, NY Facebook event MoMA event Mar 12 - Interference Archive 2pm - 6pm in Brooklyn, NY Interference Archive event Mar 12 - Kickstarter HQ 10am - 5pm in Brooklyn, NY Eventbrite event Mar 18 -SVA Library 12pm - 5pm in New York, NY Eventbrite event (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sunday March 26: Action=History Wiki-Hackathon @ Ace Hotel[edit] Sunday March 26: Action=History Wiki-Hackathon @ Ace Hotel On the last Sunday of every month, the Boardroom at Ace Hotel New York hosts Action Equals History ??? a unique opportunity for New Yorkers to learn hands-on in a technology training/workshop session about the mechanics, practices and benefits of Wikipedia and the Wikimedia projects. This is an opportunity for all to gather, share and work collectively towards a more robust account of history. For this month, and following on the recent Art+Feminism campaign, we'll focus on building better edit-a-thon tools for a variety of different thematic campaigns, and user-testing them with the community. Towards a goal of advancing these tools for wider use with diverse local groups. Action=History Wiki-Hackathon @ Ace Hotel Date: Sunday March 26 Time: 2:00 am - 6:00 pm Location: Ace Hotel New York. 20 West 29th Street, Manhattan. RSVP: on Meetup.com or on Wikipedia Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 05:14, 21 March 2017 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) April 19: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday April 19, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. We will include a look at the organization and planning for our chapter, and expanding volunteer roles for both regular Wikipedia editors and new participants. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday April 19 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 137 West 14th Street We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 18:30, 15 April 2017 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sunday May 21: Metropolitan Museum of Art Edit-a-thon + global online challenge[edit] Sunday May 21, 10:30 am - 4:30pm: Metropolitan Museum of Art Edit-a-thon The Metropolitan Museum of Art Edit-a-thon: Met Open Access Initiative is the Metropolitan Museum of Art's first edit-a-thon, being hosted on Sunday May 21, 2017 in Thomas J. Watson Library at The Met Fifth Avenue in New York City. The Met is excited to make available over 375,000 images of public domain artworks for contribution to Wikipedia and Wikimedia Commons from the museum???s collection spanning 5,000 years of art. The event is an opportunity for Wikimedia communities to engage The Met's diverse collection onsite and remotely. The event is a key marker too of The Metropolitan Museum of Art's first Wikimedian-in-Residence program, with resident Richard Knipel (User:Pharos), along with Wikimedia NYC. We invite you to help enhance Wikimedia communities and platforms with open access images from The Metropolitan Museum of Art. The event requires pre-registration. To register, 1) please sign-up with Eventbrite via The Met's website and 2) add your Wikipedia username to the #Participants on the wikimeetup page. Please check-in with museum staff when you arrive at the Thomas J. Watson Library within the museum. We also welcome remote participation for the global Met Open Access Artworks Challenge (15 May - 30 June, 2017), you can sign up there at Met Open Access Artworks Challenge/Participants. --Pharos (talk) 16:24, 16 May 2017 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) May 24: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday May 24, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. Topics this month include the TED wikiproject, the Met wikiproject, and encouraging free video on Wikimedia Commons! We will include a look at the organization and planning for our chapter, and expanding volunteer roles for both regular Wikipedia editors and new participants. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday May 24 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 137 West 14th Street We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 19:31, 22 May 2017 (UTC) P.S. bonus event this weekend: Action=History: Sunday Hackathon @ Ace Hotel Sunday May 28, 2017 (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Thursday June 22: Wiki Loves Pride Edit-a-thon @ MoMA[edit] Thursday June 22, 6-8:30pm: Wiki Loves Pride Edit-a-thon @ MoMA Join us for an evening of social Wikipedia editing at the Museum of Modern Art Library's third annual Wiki Loves Pride Edit-a-thon, during which we will create, update, and improve Wikipedia articles pertaining to LGBT art, culture and history. All are invited, with no specialized knowledge of the subject or Wikipedia editing experience required. Themes for this event include art related to HIV/AIDS activism and on LGBTQ artists of the African Diaspora as part of the Black Lunch Table project. Experienced Wikipedians will be on-hand to assist throughout the day. Please bring your laptop and power cord; we will have library resources, WiFi, and a list of suggested topics on hand. Thursday June 22 Wiki Loves Pride Edit-a-thon @ MoMA (Participants have to bring their own laptops and power cords). Time: 6:00 pm ??? 8:30 pm Location: Dorothy and Lewis B. Cullman Education and Research Building at MoMA, 4 West 54 Street - between 5th/6th Ave, New York, NY 10019 Please note that this entrance is one block north of the main 53rd Street entrance, closer to 5th Avenue. Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 21:40, 15 June 2017 (UTC) P.S. Stay tuned / sign up early for our Sunday June 25 Hackathon @ Ace Hotel, the Sunday July 9 Wiknic on Governors Island, and other upcoming events. (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sunday July 9: WikNYC Picnic @ Governors Island[edit] Sunday July 9, 1-6pm: WikNYC Picnic You are invited to join us the "picnic anyone can edit" on New York City's green and historic Governors Island, as part of the Great American Wiknic celebrations being held across the USA. Remember it's a wiki-picnic, which means potluck. Sunday July 9 WikNYC Picnic (RSVP) (also on meetup.com) 1???6pm - come by any time! Our reserved picnicking area is Grill #5 by Nolan Park in the northern part of Governors Island. Look for us by the Wikipedia / Wikimedia NYC banner! We hope to see you there! --Pharos (talk) 11:04, 6 July 2017 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) July 19: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday July 19, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. We will include a look at the organization and planning for our chapter, and expanding volunteer roles for both regular Wikipedia editors and new participants. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday July 19 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 145 West 14th Street (note the new address, a couple of doors down from the former Babycastles location) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 02:37, 13 July 2017 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sunday July 30: Action=History Wiki-Hackathon @ Ace Hotel[edit] Sunday July 30: Action=History Wiki-Hackathon @ Ace Hotel On the last Sunday of every month, the Boardroom at Ace Hotel New York hosts Action Equals History ??? a unique opportunity for New Yorkers to learn hands-on in a technology training/workshop session about the mechanics, practices and benefits of Wikipedia and the Wikimedia projects. This is an opportunity for all to gather, share and work collectively towards a more robust account of history. For this month, we'll focus on Wikipedia casual editing, ways to use and develop Wikidata, building better edit-a-thon tools for a variety of different thematic campaigns, and user-testing them with the community. Towards a goal of advancing these tools for wider use with diverse local groups. Action=History Wiki-Hackathon @ Ace Hotel Date: Sunday July 30 Time: 2:00 am - 6:00 pm Location: Ace Hotel New York. 20 West 29th Street, Manhattan. RSVP: on Meetup.com or on Wikipedia Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 14:22, 24 July 2017 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) August 30: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday August 30, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. We will include a look at the organization and planning for our chapter, and expanding volunteer roles for both regular Wikipedia editors and new participants. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday August 30 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 145 West 14th Street (note the new address, a couple of doors down from the former Babycastles location) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 12:03, 24 August 2017 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) September 27: WikiWednesday Salon / Wikimedia NYC Annual Meeting[edit] Wednesday September 27, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon / Wikimedia NYC Annual Meeting You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. This month will also feature on our agenda, upcoming editathons, the organization's Annual Meeting, and Chapter board elections. We will include a look at the organization and planning for our chapter, and expanding volunteer roles for both regular Wikipedia editors and new participants. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday September 27 WikiWednesday Salon / Wikimedia NYC Annual Meeting (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 145 West 14th Street (note the new address, a couple of doors down from the former Babycastles location) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 00:42, 13 September 2017 (UTC) P.S. On the weekend before the annual meeting, you can join: Action=History @ Ace Hotel (Sunday, September 24, 2017) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sunday October 15: Wikipedia @ Open House New York / Weekend Photo Competition[edit] Sunday October 15: Wikipedia @ Open House New York / Weekend Photo Competition This event is the concluding "upload party" to the Wikipedia @ Open House New York Weekend photo scavenger hunt, and an accompanying Wikimedia Commons tutorial and multimedia hackathon, Learn how to work with your photos to illustrate New York City articles! Note that this is part of the larger Open House New York Weekend activities on Saturday and Sunday, when sites normally closed to the public are open for public visits and photography. If you can, bring your camera/photos to the event, and a laptop if you'd like to engage in adding photos to articles. But this is not necessary. For photos from last year's event, see the OHNY campaign 2016 on Wikimedia Commons. Wikipedia @ Open House New York / Weekend Photo Competition Date: Sunday October 15 Time: 4:00 pm - 8:00 pm Location: Ace Hotel New York. 20 West 29th Street, Manhattan. Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 15:33, 11 October 2017 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) October 18: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday October 18, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. We will include a look at the organization and planning for our chapter, and expanding volunteer roles for both regular Wikipedia editors and new participants. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday October 18 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 145 West 14th Street (note the new address, a couple of doors down from the former Babycastles location) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 13:21, 12 October 2017 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Metropolitan Museum of Art Edit-a-thon (Nov 19) and global online Wikipedia Asian Art Month (Nov 1-30)[edit] Sunday November 19, 10:30 am - 4:00pm: Metropolitan Museum of Art Edit-a-thon The Wikipedia Asian Month Edit-a-thon @ The Met will be the Metropolitan Museum of Art's second edit-a-thon, hosted on Sunday November 19, 2017 in the Bonnie Sacerdote Classroom, Ruth and Harold D. Uris Center for Education (81st Street entrance) at The Met Fifth Avenue in New York City. Following the first Met edit-a-thon in May 2017, the museum is excited to work with Wikipedia Asian Month for the potential to seed new articles about Asian artworks, artwork types, and art traditions, from any part of Asia. These can be illustrated with thousands of its recently-released images of public domain artworks available for Wikipedia and Wikimedia Commons from the museum???s collection spanning 5,000 years of art. The event is an opportunity for Wikimedia communities to engage The Met's diverse Asian collections onsite and remotely. Sunday November 19 Wikipedia Asian Month Edit-a-thon @ The Met (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 10:30 am - 4:00 pm in Bonnie Sacerdote Classroom, Uris Center for Education 81st Street entrance, Metropolitan Museum of Art, 1000 Fifth Avenue Attendees should bring their own laptops and power cords. Light snacks, drinks and cake will be provided. We also welcome remote participation for the global online Wikipedia Asian Art Month, running November 1-30. Thanks, and hope to see you at the museum, and/or as part of the online Wikipedia Asian Month contest!--Pharos (talk) 16:36, 1 November 2017 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) November 15: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC @ NYU ITP[edit] Wednesday November 15, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC @ NYU ITP You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at NYU ITP Tisch School of the Arts (4th floor) at 721 Broadway in Manhattan. We will include a look at the organization and planning for our chapter, and expanding volunteer roles for both regular Wikipedia editors and new participants. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday November 15 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at NYU ITP Tisch School of the Arts (4th floor), 721 Broadway (note that we are not at Babycastles this month) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) ~~~~~ P.S. You are also invited to Wikipedia Asian Month Edit-a-thon @ Metropolitan Museum of Art on Sunday November 19! (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) December 13: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday December 13, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. We will include a look at the organization and planning for our chapter, and expanding volunteer roles for both regular Wikipedia editors and new participants. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday December 13 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 145 West 14th Street (note the new address, a couple of doors down from the former Babycastles location) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 18:42, 11 December 2017 (UTC) P.S. You are also invited to AfroCROWD Street Culture Wikipedia Edit-a-thon and Year End Celebration on Saturday December 16! (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sunday January 14: Wikipedia Day NYC Celebration and Mini-Conference[edit] Sunday January 14: Wikipedia Day NYC 2018 You are invited to join us at Ace Hotel for Wikipedia Day NYC 2018, a Wikipedia celebration and mini-conference as part of the project's global 16th birthday festivities. In addition to the party, the event will be a participatory unconference, with keynotes, plenary panels, lightning talks, and of course open space sessions. And there will be cake. We also hope for the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. Sunday January 14 Wikipedia Day NYC 2018 (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 10:00am - 6:30 pm at Ace Hotel, 20 West 29th Street in Manhattan We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 18:40, 27 December 2017 (UTC) This Sunday! Wikipedia Day NYC Celebration and Mini-Conference (updated speakers + schedule)[edit] Sunday January 14: Wikipedia Day NYC 2018 Part of Wikipedia's global 17th birthday celebration, Wikipedia Day NYC 2018 at Ace Hotel will include a mini-conference of scheduled panels as well as unconference style talks and discussions proposed by attendees on the day of the event. We are very excited to announce speakers such as Jason Scott (Internet Archive), Jackie Koerner (Visiting Scholar, Wiki Ed), and Andrew Lih (Wikimedia DC), as well as a fantastic line-up of panels that highlight projects and issues of relevance to the Wikimedia NYC community. See Wikipedia Day NYC 2018 speakers + schedule And there will be cake. We also hope for the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. Sunday January 14 Wikipedia Day NYC 2018 (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 10:00am - 6:30 pm at Ace Hotel, 20 West 29th Street in Manhattan We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Megs (talk) 02:22, 13 January 2018 (UTC) February 21: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday February 21, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. We will include a look at the organization and planning for our chapter, and expanding volunteer roles for both regular Wikipedia editors and new participants. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday December 13 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 145 West 14th Street (note the new address, a couple of doors down from the former Babycastles location) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Megs (talk) 22:19, 16 February 2018 (UTC) P.S. You are also invited to Africa and the Diaspora Edit-a-thon @ Schomburg Center for Black Culture on Saturday February 24! (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) March 21: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday March 21, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. We will include a look at the organization and planning for our chapter, and expanding volunteer roles for both regular Wikipedia editors and new participants. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday March 21 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 145 West 14th Street (note the new address, a couple of doors down from the former Babycastles location) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Megs (talk) P.S. You are also invited to Art + Feminism Events in the New York Metropolitan Area continuing this month! (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) CANCELLED: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] CANCELLED: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC Due to the winter storm warning, the WikiWednesday Salon & Skillshare scheduled for March 21st has been cancelled. Please consider attending one of the many edit-a-thons scheduled for this week. We look forward to editing with you soon! --Megs (talk) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday April 25th, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly WikiWednesday evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda! After the main meeting, pizza and video games in the gallery. Wednesday April 25th WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 145 West 14th Street (note the new address, a couple of doors down from the former Babycastles location) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our agenda, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Megs (talk) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) May 23: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday May 23, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. We will include a look at the organization and planning for our chapter, and expanding volunteer roles for both regular Wikipedia editors and new participants. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. We welcome the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from all educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. After the main meeting, pizza/chicken/vegetables and refreshments and video games in the gallery! Wednesday May 23 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 145 West 14th Street (note the new address, a couple of doors down from the former Babycastles location) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 03:13, 23 May 2018 (UTC) P.S. You are also invited to Action = History: Wikipedia Edit-a-thon for Asian American Literature on Sunday May 27! (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) June 20: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (and Pratt Women Wikipedia Design this Saturday June 16)[edit] Wednesday June 20, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. Wednesday June 20 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 145 West 14th Street (note the new address, a couple of doors down from the former Babycastles location) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 19:12, 14 June 2018 (UTC) P.S. You are also invited to Wikiproject Women Wikipedia Design @ Pratt Institute School of Architecture, Saturday, June 16! (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Thursday July 12: Wiki Loves Pride Edit-a-thon @ Jefferson Market Library[edit] Thursday July 12, 5-8pm: Wiki Loves Pride Edit-a-thon @ Jefferson Market Library Wikimedia NYC invites you to attend a Wiki Loves Pride Edit-a-thon on Thursday, July 12th at Jefferson Market Library! Wiki Loves Pride is a global campaign to expand and improve LGBT-related content across all Wikimedia projects, in all languages. We are holding this year's event in July in order to support folx who want to contribute a photograph they took at one of NYC's many Pride events or edit an article about something they learned this June. Not sure what to contribute? No problem! We will have a list of articles that need your help. Thursday July 12 Wiki Loves Pride Edit-a-thon (RSVP on-wiki or at Eventbrite). 5:00pm - 8:00 pm at Jefferson Market Library, 425 6th Ave --Megs (talk) 14:57, 10 July 2018 (UTC) P.S. You are also invited to the "picnic anyone can edit", the Great American Wiknic NYC @ Prospect Park, Sunday, July 29! (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sunday July 29: Annual Wiki-Picnic @ Prospect Park[edit] Sunday July 29, 2-7pm: Annual Wiki-Picnic You are invited to join us the "picnic anyone can edit" in Brooklyn's green Prospect Park, as part of the Great American Wiknic celebrations being held across the USA. Remember it's a wiki-picnic, which means potluck. Sunday July 29 Annual Wik-Picnic (RSVP) (also on meetup.com) 2???7pm - come by any time! Our reserved picnicking area is by Bartel-Pritchard Square entrance, located at Prospect Park West and 15th Street. The picnic will be held by the park's Bartel-Pritchard Square entrance immediately on the lawn to your right as you walk through the lovely lotus columns. Look for us by the Wikipedia / Wikimedia NYC banner! We hope to see you there! --Pharos (talk) 08:23, 23 July 2018 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) August 29: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] Wednesday August 29, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. Wednesday August 29 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 145 West 14th Street (note the new address, a couple of doors down from the former Babycastles location) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 23:52, 28 August 2018 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) September 26: WikiWednesday Salon / Wikimedia NYC Annual Meeting[edit] Wednesday September 26, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon / Wikimedia NYC Annual Meeting You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Babycastles gallery by 14th Street / Union Square in Manhattan. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. This month will also feature on our agenda, upcoming editathons, the organization's Annual Meeting, and Chapter board elections - you can add yourself as a candidate. We will include a look at the organization and planning for our chapter, and expanding volunteer roles for both regular Wikipedia editors and new participants. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. Wednesday September 26 WikiWednesday Salon / Wikimedia NYC Annual Meeting (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Babycastles gallery, 145 West 14th Street (note the new address, a couple of doors down from the former Babycastles location) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 20:43, 20 September 2018 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sun October 14: Open House New York Weekend Upload Party @ NYU ITP and Indigenous People's Justice Edit-a-thon @ Interference Archive[edit] You are invited to join two events supported by the Wikimedia NYC community on Sunday October 14: Open House New York Weekend Upload Party @ NYU ITP 2:00pm - 6:00 pm at ITP, Tisch School of the Arts. New York University (721 Broadway, New York, NY) The photo competition is at many sites all weekend, this is just the concluding event Indigenous People's Justice Edit-a-thon @ Interference Archive 2:00 - 5:00pm at Interference Archive (314 7th Street, Brooklyn, NY) Note the new Park Slope location for Interference Archive Have a WikiWonderful Weekend! --Pharos (talk) 04:54, 11 October 2018 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) October 24: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] October 24, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Triangle Arts Association in the DUMBO neighborhood of Brooklyn. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. Wednesday October 24 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Triangle Arts Association (Suite 317 & 318) at 20 Jay Street, Brooklyn (note this month we will be meeting in DUMBO, Brooklyn, not at Babycastles) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Pharos (talk) 01:28, 23 October 2018 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sunday Oct 28: Wikidata Birthday Party[edit] Sunday October 28: Wikidata Birthday Party Wikidata, the newest project of the Wikimedia movement, went live on October 29, 2012. Please join Wikimedia New York City as we celebrate its sixth birthday at the Ace Hotel. There will be (optional) lightning talks, casual conversation, and, most importantly, CAKE! No experience with Wikidata? No problem. This event is open to all. Wikidata Birthday Party Date: Sunday October 28 Time: 2:00 pm - 5:00 pm Location: Ace Hotel New York. 20 West 29th Street, Manhattan. RSVP: on Meetup.com or on Wikipedia Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues on Sunday!--Wikimedia New York City Team 15:33, 25 October 2018 (UTC) Bonus edit-a-thons on Saturday The day before the Wikiata Birthday, on Saturday, you are also welcome to join Archtober Wikipedia Edit-a-thon @ Bard Graduate Center or Black Lunch Table @ Magnum Foundation. Please RSVP to those pages if you plan on joining. (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Nomination for deletion of Template:Mwarn[edit] Template:Mwarn has been nominated for deletion. You are invited to comment on the discussion at the template's entry on the Templates for discussion page. Pkbwcgs (talk) 19:30, 8 November 2018 (UTC) December 19: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] December 19, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Fordham University's Lincoln Center campus in Manhattan, near Columbus Circle. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. Wednesday December 19 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Fordham University's Lincoln Center campus (South Lounge) at 113 W 60th Street, Manhattan (note this month we will be meeting in Manhattan, near Columbus Circle, not at Babycastles) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Wikimedia New York City Team 03:22, 13 December 2018 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) January 13: Wikimedia NYC invites you to Wikipedia Day 2019[edit] Sunday January 13: Wikipedia Day 2019 in NYC You are invited to join us at Ace Hotel for Wikipedia Day 2019, a Wikipedia celebration and mini-conference as part of the project's global 18th birthday festivities. In addition to the party, the event features keynote presentations, panels, lightning talks, and, of course, open space sessions. And there will be cake. We also hope for the participation of our friends from the Free Culture movement and from educational and cultural institutions interested in developing free knowledge projects. Sunday January 13 Wikipedia Day 2019 (RSVP at Eventbrite). 9:30AM - 6:00PM at Ace Hotel, 20 West 29th Street in Manhattan We especially encourage folks to add your 3-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Wikimedia New York City Team 20:34, 3 January 2019 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Feb 27 WikiWednesday Salon + Mar 2 MoMA Art+Feminism and beyond[edit] February 27, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Metropolitan New York Library Council in Midtown Manhattan. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. Wednesday February 27 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Metropolitan New York Library Council (8th floor) at 599 11th Avenue, Manhattan (note this month we will be meeting in Midtown Manhattan, not at Babycastles) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Wikimedia New York City Team 08:59, 27 February 2019 (UTC) Saturday March 2: MoMA Art+Feminism Edit-a-thon Art+Feminism???s sixth-annual MoMA Wikipedia Edit-a-thon will take place at the Dorothy and Lewis B. Cullman Education and Research Building, The Museum of Modern Art, New York, 4 West 54 Street, on Saturday, March 2, 2019 from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. People of all gender identities and expressions are encouraged to attend. And on Sunday this weekend: March 3, 2019 Art+Feminism with Kickstarter & Black Lunch Table, Brooklyn, NY Stay tuned for other Art+Feminism and related edit-a-thons throughout the month! (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) March 20: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC + March 23: Asian Art Archive/New York Public Library[edit] March 20, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Metropolitan New York Library Council in Midtown Manhattan. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. Wednesday March 20 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Metropolitan New York Library Council (8th floor) at 599 11th Avenue, Manhattan (note this month we will be meeting in Midtown Manhattan, not at Babycastles) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! This month, optional post-meetup drinks afterward at 9pm!--Wikimedia New York City Team 18:46, 19 March 2019 (UTC) Saturday March 23: Asian Art Archive/New York Public Library Art+Feminism Editathon Organized by Asia Art Archive in America]and Miriam and Ira D. Wallach Division of Art, Prints and Photographs of the New York Public Library and in collaboration with Asia Art Archive in Hong Kong, the Art+Feminism: Wikipedia Edit-a-thon on Women in Art in Asia helps participants edit Wikipedia to create and improve articles about women artists and practitioners in and from Asia, including architects, designers, filmmakers, curators, and art historians. Books and research materials???as well as refreshments???will be provided. Also check out other Art+Feminism and related edit-a-thons throughout the month! (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) April 17: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC + April 4 and 5: LaGuardia Community College Translatathon 2019[edit] April 17, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Metropolitan New York Library Council in Midtown Manhattan. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. Wednesday April 17 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Metropolitan New York Library Council (8th floor) at 599 11th Avenue, Manhattan (note this month we will be meeting in Midtown Manhattan, not at Babycastles) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Wikimedia New York City Team 21:06, 3 April 2019 (UTC) Thursday April 4 and Friday April 5: Translat-a-thon NYC 2019 @ LaGuardia Community College Translat-a-thon NYC 2019 @ LaGuardia Community College is hosting the second annual Wikipedia Translatathon! At this event on Thursday evening and during the day Friday this week, anyone from the public is invited to LaGuardia to join students, professors, and CUNY faculty in translating Wikipedia articles among any languages which attendees understand. Themes for this event include public health and the history of New York City. New York City has a large immigrant population and great diversity of speakers of various languages. Among all schools in New York City, LaGuardia has the highest percentage of immigrant students, the highest percentage of students who speak a language other than English as their first language, and the greatest representation of language diversity. It is a strength of LaGuardia that it can present "Wikipedia translatathons", which are Wikipedia translation events. (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) May 22: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC[edit] May 22, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Metropolitan New York Library Council in Midtown Manhattan. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. Featuring this month a presentation by Interference Archive guests, and a group discussion on the role of activist archives and building wiki content based on ephemeral publications and oral histories. To close off the night, we'll also have Wikidojo - a group collaborative writing activity / vaudeville! We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. Wednesday May 22 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Metropolitan New York Library Council (8th floor) at 599 11th Avenue, Manhattan (note this month we will be meeting in Midtown Manhattan, not at Babycastles) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Wikimedia New York City Team 17:10, 16 May 2019 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Nomination of Sharpen for deletion[edit] A discussion is taking place as to whether the article Sharpen is suitable for inclusion in Wikipedia according to Wikipedia's policies and guidelines or whether it should be deleted. The article will be discussed at Wikipedia:Articles for deletion/Sharpen until a consensus is reached, and anyone, including you, is welcome to contribute to the discussion. The nomination will explain the policies and guidelines which are of concern. The discussion focuses on high-quality evidence and our policies and guidelines. Users may edit the article during the discussion, including to improve the article to address concerns raised in the discussion. However, do not remove the article-for-deletion notice from the top of the article. Wqwt (talk) 17:42, 30 May 2019 (UTC) June 19: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (stay tuned for Pride on weekend!)[edit] June 19, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Metropolitan New York Library Council in Midtown Manhattan. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. Wednesday June 19 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Metropolitan New York Library Council (8th floor) at 599 11th Avenue, Manhattan (note this month we will be meeting in Midtown Manhattan, not at Babycastles) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Wikimedia New York City Team 05:37, 18 June 2019 (UTC) Stay tuned for details om next event! Sunday Jun 23: Wiki Loves Pride @ Metropolitan Museum of Art (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sunday June 23: Wiki Loves Pride @ Metropolitan Museum of Art[edit] June 23, 12:30pm: Wiki Loves Pride @ Metropolitan Museum of Art You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for Wiki Loves Pride @ Metropolitan Museum of Art on the Upper East Side. Togethe, we'll create new and expand existing Wikipedia articles on LGBT artists and artworks with LGBT themes in the Met collection! With refreshments, and a special museum tour in the afternoon! And there will be a wiki-cake! Open to everyone at all levels of experience, wiki instructional workshop and one-on-one support will be provided. See also the global Wiki Loves Pride photo contest, as well as the Met's online LGBT Art Writing Contest, and also the LGBT Health Writing Contest. Sunday June 23 Wiki Loves Pride @ Metropolitan Museum of Art (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 12:30pm - 4:30 pm at Uris Center for Education, Metropolitan Museum of Art (81st Street entrance) at 1000 Fifth Avenue, Manhattan (note this is just south of the main entrance) This is the fifth annual Wiki Loves Pride edit-a-thon supported by Wikimedia NYC! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Wikimedia New York City Team 16:30, 22 June 2019 (UTC) Stay tuned for details on next event! Sunday July 14: Great American Wiknic @ Roosevelt Island (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sunday July 14: Annual NYC Wiki-Picnic @ Roosevelt Island[edit] July 14, 2-7pm: Annual NYC Wiki-Picnic @ Roosevelt Island You are invited to join us at the "picnic anyone can edit" in the lovely Southpoint Park on Roosevelt Island, as part of the Great American Wiknic celebrations being held across the USA. Remember it's a wiki-picnic, which means potluck. This year the Wiknic will double as a "Strategy Salon" (more information at Wiknic page), using open space technology to address major questions facing our social movement. Sunday July 14 Annual NYC Wik-Picnic (RSVP) (also on meetup.com) 2???7pm - come by any time! Our picnicking area is at Southpoint Park, south of the tram and subway, and also just south of the Cornell Tech campus. Look for us by the Wikipedia / Wikimedia NYC banner! Celebrate our 13th year of wiki-picnics! We hope to see you there! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Wikimedia New York City Team 21:36, 6 July 2019 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) August 28: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (+editathons before and after)[edit] August 28, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Metropolitan New York Library Council in Midtown Manhattan. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. Featuring this month a review of the recent Wikimania 2019 conference in Sweden! We will also follow up on plans for recent and upcoming edit-a-thons, museum and library projects, education initiatives, and other outreach activities. Wednesday August 28 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Metropolitan New York Library Council (8th floor) at 599 11th Avenue, Manhattan (note this month we will be meeting in Midtown Manhattan, not at Babycastles) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Wikimedia New York City Team 17:57, 27 August 2019 (UTC) Edit-a-thons at Interference Archive and The Met Also check out these editing events, before and after our WikiWednesday Salon: Tuesday August 27: Resistance Radio Edit-a-thon @ Interference Archive, 5:00 - 9:00pm Saturday September 7: Met Fashion Edit-a-thon @ Metropolitan Museum of Art, 12:30 - 4:30pm (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Saturday Sept 7: Met Fashion Edit-a-thon @ Metropolitan Museum of Art[edit] Sept 7, 12:30pm: Met Fashion Edit-a-thon @ Metropolitan Museum of Art You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for Met Fashion Edit-a-thon @ Metropolitan Museum of Art on the Upper East Side. Together, we'll expand Wikipedia:WikiProject Fashion topics for basic clothing types that can be illustrated by the Met collection, and also past Costume Institute exhibitions! It's the last weekend for Camp: Notes on Fashion, and we will have an intro talk to the exhibit by a guest from the Costume Institute, and participants will then be able to visit it on their own. Galleries will be open this evening until 9 pm. With refreshments, and there will be a wiki-cake! Open to everyone at all levels of experience, wiki instructional workshop and one-on-one support will be provided. Saturday Sept 7 Met Fashion Edit-a-thon @ Metropolitan Museum of Art (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 12:30pm - 4:30 pm at Uris Center for Education, Metropolitan Museum of Art (81st Street entrance) at 1000 Fifth Avenue, Manhattan (note this is just south of the main entrance) Galleries will be open this evening until 9 pm, and some wiki-visitors may wish to take this opportunity to see Camp: Notes on Fashion together after the formal event. Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends, colleagues and students! --Wikimedia New York City Team 19:37, 4 September 2019 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sept 25: WikiWednesday Salon NYC[edit] September 25, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Metropolitan New York Library Council in Midtown Manhattan. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. Wednesday September 25 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (optional RSVP on-wiki). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Metropolitan New York Library Council (8th floor) at 599 11th Avenue, Manhattan (note this month we will be meeting in Midtown Manhattan, not at Babycastles) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Wikimedia New York City Team ~~~~~ (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Oct 23: WikiWednesday Salon NYC[edit] October 23rd, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Metropolitan New York Library Council in Midtown Manhattan. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. Wednesday October 23 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (optional RSVP on-wiki). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Metropolitan New York Library Council (8th floor) at 599 11th Avenue, Manhattan (note this month we will be meeting in Midtown Manhattan, not at Babycastles) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Wikimedia New York City Team 05:32, 22 October 2019 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Saturday Nov 16: Wikipedia Asian Month Edit-a-thon @ Metropolitan Museum of Art[edit] Saturday November 16, 12:30 pm - 4:30pm: Metropolitan Museum of Art Edit-a-thon The Wikipedia Asian Month Edit-a-thon @ The Met will be hosted at the Metropolitan Museum of Art on Saturday November 16, 2019 in the Bonnie Sacerdote Classroom, Ruth and Harold D. Uris Center for Education (81st Street entrance) at The Met Fifth Avenue in New York City. The museum is excited to work with Wikipedia Asian Month for the potential to seed new articles about Asian artworks, artwork types, and art traditions, from any part of Asia. These can be illustrated with thousands of its recently-released images of public domain artworks available for Wikipedia and Wikimedia Commons from the museum???s collection spanning 5,000 years of art. The event is an opportunity for Wikimedia communities to engage The Met's diverse Asian collections onsite and remotely. Asia Art Archive will host a sister event in Hong Kong next week. Saturday November 16 Wikipedia Asian Month Edit-a-thon @ The Met (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 12:30 pm - 4:30 pm in Bonnie Sacerdote Classroom, Uris Center for Education 81st Street entrance, Metropolitan Museum of Art, 1000 Fifth Avenue And there will be sandwiches and Wiki-Cake! Thanks, and hope to see you there! --Wikimedia New York City Team 16:45, 14 November 2019 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Nov 20: WikiWednesday Salon NYC[edit] November 20, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Metropolitan New York Library Council in Midtown Manhattan. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. Wednesday November 20 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (optional RSVP on-wiki). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Metropolitan New York Library Council (8th floor) at 599 11th Avenue, Manhattan We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Wikimedia New York City Team 16:16, 19 November 2019 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Dec 18: WikiWednesday Salon NYC[edit] December 18, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Metropolitan New York Library Council in Midtown Manhattan. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. Wednesday December 18 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (optional RSVP on-wiki). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Metropolitan New York Library Council (8th floor) at 599 11th Avenue, Manhattan We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Wikimedia New York City Team 02:48, 17 December 2019 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Today's Wikipedian 10 years ago[edit] Awesome Ten years! --Gerda Arendt (talk) 07:18, 6 January 2020 (UTC) Jan 22: WikiWednesday Salon NYC[edit] January 22, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Metropolitan New York Library Council in Midtown Manhattan. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. Wednesday January 22 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (optional RSVP on-wiki). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Metropolitan New York Library Council (8th floor) at 599 11th Avenue, Manhattan We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Wikimedia New York City Team 20:07, 17 January 2020 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Saturday Jan 25: Met 'Understanding America' Edit-a-thon @ Metropolitan Museum of Art[edit] Jan 25, 12:30pm: Met 'Understanding America' Edit-a-thon @ Metropolitan Museum of Art You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for the Met 'Understanding America' Edit-a-thon @ Metropolitan Museum of Art on the Upper East Side. Together, we'll expand Wikipedia articles on American history and art, and the understanding that all communities bring to American culture, as reflected in the Met collection up until ca. 1900. With refreshments, and there will be a wiki-cake! Open to everyone at all levels of experience, wiki instructional workshop and one-on-one support will be provided. Saturday Jan 25 Met 'Understanding America' Edit-a-thon @ Metropolitan Museum of Art (RSVP on-wiki or at meetup.com). 12:30pm - 4:30 pm at Uris Center for Education, Metropolitan Museum of Art (81st Street entrance) at 1000 Fifth Avenue, Manhattan (note this is just south of the main entrance) Galleries will be open this evening until 9 pm, and some wiki-visitors may wish to take this opportunity to see exhibits together after the formal event. Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends, colleagues and students! --Wikimedia New York City Team 21:01, 21 January 2020 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Feb 19: WikiWednesday Salon NYC[edit] February 19, 7pm: WikiWednesday Salon NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop at Metropolitan New York Library Council in Midtown Manhattan. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. Wednesday February 19 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (optional RSVP on-wiki). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm at Metropolitan New York Library Council (8th floor) at 599 11th Avenue, Manhattan We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Wikimedia New York City Team 21:00, 14 February 2020 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) March 18: First ever ONLINE WikiWednesday Salon NYC[edit] March 18, 7pm: ONLINE WikiWednesday Salon NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-9pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop. This month, as part of Wikimedia NYC's commitment to the well-being of members, we will hold WikiWednesday online via Zoom videoconferencing! To join the meeting from your computer or smartphone, just visit this link. More information about how to connect is available on the meetup page. We look forward to seeing local Wikimedians, but would also like to invite folks from the greater New York metropolitan area (and beyond!) who might not typically be able to join us in person! Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. Wednesday March 18 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (optional RSVP on-wiki). 7:00pm - 9:00 pm online via Zoom We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Wikimedia New York City Team 04:36, 17 March 2020 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) April 22: ONLINE WikiWednesday Salon NYC[edit] April 22, 7pm: ONLINE WikiWednesday Salon NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-8pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop. This month, as part of Wikimedia NYC's commitment to the well-being of members, we will hold WikiWednesday online via Zoom videoconferencing! To join the meeting from your computer or smartphone, just visit this link. More information about how to connect is available on the meetup page. We look forward to seeing local Wikimedians, but would also like to invite folks from the greater New York metropolitan area (and beyond!) who might not typically be able to join us in person! This month, we've invited Esther Jackson of the New York Botanical Garden to join us for an Earth Day focused conversation. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. Wednesday April 22 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (optional RSVP on-wiki). 7:00pm - 8:00 pm online via Zoom (optional breakout rooms from 8:00-8:30) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! --Wikimedia New York City Team 23:25, 21 April 2020 (UTC) (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) Sat May 9: Symposium on Wikipedia and COVID-19[edit] Symposium on Wikipedia and COVID-19 (May 9) You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for a Symposium on Wikipedia and COVID-19, which aims to answer questions the public may have about Wikipedia's coverage of the pandemic. The event includes four speakers, all of whom are active contributors to the topic area on Wikipedia, but bring different perspectives, backgrounds, and interests. The event is free and open to the public, broadcast live on YouTube and Facebook, and questions taken from viewers on these platforms. Abstracts and speaker bios are available on the event page. Symposium on Wikipedia and COVID-19 Saturday May 9, 6:00PM - 8:00PM EST (22:00 - 24:00 UTC) online via YouTube and Facebook (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) --Wikimedia New York City Team 14:47, 5 May 2020 (UTC) May 20: ONLINE WikiWednesday Salon NYC[edit] May 20, 7pm: ONLINE WikiWednesday Salon NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-8pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop. This month, as part of Wikimedia NYC's commitment to the well-being of members, we will hold WikiWednesday online via Zoom videoconferencing! To join the meeting from your computer or smartphone, just visit this link. More information about how to connect is available on the meetup page. We look forward to seeing local Wikimedians, but would also like to invite folks from the greater New York metropolitan area (and beyond!) who might not typically be able to join us in person! This month, we'll focus on WikiProject New York City and our favorite local articles, as well as Wiki Loves Pride past and future. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. Wednesday May 20 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (optional RSVP on-wiki). 7:00pm - 8:00 pm online via Zoom (optional breakout rooms from 8:00-8:30) We especially encourage folks to add your 5-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) --Wikimedia New York City Team 15:59, 18 May 2020 (UTC) Speedy deletion nomination of Template:Uw-legal[edit] A tag has been placed on Template:Uw-legal requesting that it be speedily deleted from Wikipedia. This has been done under section T2 of the criteria for speedy deletion. If you think this page should not be deleted for this reason, you may contest the nomination by visiting the page and clicking the button labelled "Contest this speedy deletion". This will give you the opportunity to explain why you believe the page should not be deleted. However, be aware that once a page is tagged for speedy deletion, it may be deleted without delay. Please do not remove the speedy deletion tag from the page yourself, but do not hesitate to add information in line with Wikipedia's policies and guidelines. If the page is deleted, and you wish to retrieve the deleted material for future reference or improvement, then please contact the deleting administrator, or if you have already done so, you can place a request here. Interstellarity (talk) 23:14, 7 June 2020 (UTC) Nomination for deletion of Template:Uw-legal[edit] Template:Uw-legal has been nominated for deletion. You are invited to comment on the discussion at the template's entry on the Templates for discussion page. Interstellarity (talk) 15:32, 9 June 2020 (UTC) June 17: ONLINE WikiWednesday Salon NYC[edit] June 17, 7pm: ONLINE WikiWednesday Salon NYC You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our monthly "WikiWednesday" evening salon (7-8pm) and knowledge-sharing workshop. This month, as part of Wikimedia NYC's commitment to the well-being of members, we will hold WikiWednesday online via Zoom videoconferencing! To join the meeting from your computer or smartphone, just visit this link. More information about how to connect is available on the meetup page. We look forward to seeing local Wikimedians, but would also like to invite folks from the greater New York metropolitan area (and beyond!) who might not typically be able to join us in person! This month, we'll check in on the global WikiCup race and have as featured speaker our local champion and frontrunner, who is trying to win it by writing as many new New York City articles as possible, as well as other local and global topics. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. Wednesday June 17 WikiWednesday Salon and Skill-Share NYC (optional RSVP on-wiki). 7:00pm - 8:00 pm online via Zoom (optional breakout rooms from 8:00-8:30) We especially encourage folks to add your 3-minute lightning talks to our roster, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) --Wikimedia New York City Team 01:53, 16 June 2020 (UTC) Sun Aug 16: Great American Wiknic NYC & Beyond[edit] August 16, 3pm: Great American Wiknic You are invited to join the Wikimedia NYC community for our annual summer Great American Wiknic, this year being held virtually. We look forward to seeing local Wikimedians, but would also like to invite folks from the greater New York metropolitan area (and beyond!) who might not typically be able to join us in person! Featuring artist-Wikimedian Sara Clugage's "Picnics: An Outside History" for a cultural exploration of picnicking, knowledge and society during the national panel in the first part. We encourage you to call in for the second part from a local park or natural site and share it on the video stream, as well as sharing your favorite picnic grub or other special foods with us. Is there a project you'd like to share? A question you'd like answered? A Wiki* skill you'd like to learn? Let us know by adding it to the agenda. The Wiknic is taking the place of "WikiWednesday" this month, so we will also include salon and knowledge-sharing workshop aspects. Sunday August 16 Great American Wiknic NYC. 3:00 pm - 4:00 pm online via YouTube (watch our national panel's livestream, and participate by text chat) 4:00 pm - 5:00 pm online via Zoom (participate by videoconference with NYC community) We especially encourage folks to share your parks and foods on screen, and add your 3-minute lightning talks to our roster for the Zoom portion, and otherwise join in the "open space" experience! Newcomers are very welcome! Bring your friends and colleagues! (You can subscribe/unsubscribe from future notifications for NYC-area events by adding or removing your name from this list.) --Wikimedia New York City Team 22:28, 13 August 2020 (UTC) Nomination for merging of Template:Template shortcut[edit] Template:Template shortcut has been nominated for merging with Template:Shortcut. You are invited to comment on the discussion at the template's entry on the Templates for discussion page. Thank you. JsfasdF252 (talk) 21:19, 1 February 2021 (UTC) Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=User_talk:Gracenotes&oldid=1004276648" Categories: Missing Wikipedians Wikipedians who opt out of message delivery Wikipedians who opt out of template messages Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated source tags Pages with missing files Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces User page Talk Variants Views Read Edit New section View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes User contributions User logs View user groups Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Print/export Download as PDF Printable version Languages This page was last edited on 1 February 2021, at 21:19 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement