Wikipedia:Silly Things - Wikipedia Wikipedia:Silly Things From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search This page is about the best humorous occurrences in Wikipedia's history. For guidelines on when humor is acceptable on Wikipedia, see WP:HUMOR. For guidelines for April Fools' Day, see WP:FOOLS. Humorous Wikipedia essay This is a humorous essay. It contains the advice or opinions of one or more Wikipedia contributors. This page is not one of Wikipedia's policies or guidelines, as it has not been thoroughly vetted by the community. Some essays represent widespread norms; others only represent minority viewpoints. Shortcuts WP:SILLY WP:BJAODN WP:-) WP:) It is not a great secret that, over the years, Wikipedia has seen many 'colorful' moments of fun. Also, no great secret is that Wikipedia has seen many forms of vandalism ( it's true, :-) could result in :-( ). Because Wikipedia lets people freely edit sources, occasionally, an edit falls into both categories: it is vandalism, needing to be reverted, but it is also creative, and some Wikipedians find it entertaining. For many years, the bits of vandalism and/or fun that struck people's fancy were kept here on a page called "Bad Jokes and Other Deleted Nonsense", or "BJAODN". In fact, it was one of the oldest pages on Wikipedia, having been created on January 26, 2001.[1] Here is the original explanation of the page: We need a page where bad jokes and other deleted nonsense can rest in peace. So, here it is! [I'm half tempted to suggest keeping the jokes inline with the pages, as they must sort of give the encyclopedia some lively colour. But I do know it'd just get carried away and turn into an encyclopedia of silliness, so look forward to frequent updates of this page. ;-)] ????BryceHarrington However, in 2007, consensus (sort of) shifted against keeping most BJAODN on Wikipedia (see Wikipedia talk:Silly Things), and it came to be viewed by many as encouraging vandalism. Things are no longer added to this group of pages on Wikipedia itself (except on rare occasions), but have been moved to another site, and only a few highlights are maintained below. (Please go to an external wiki to add to BJAODN. Thank you very much.) For all those who thought BJAODN was some sort of alien mating call or Swedish swear word, please read the things above. Contents 1 Historical content 1.1 Best of Jokes 2 Subpages 3 Other funny articles 4 See also 5 Footnotes Historical content[edit] Bad Jokes and Other Deleted Nonsense Best of Jokes[edit] Wikipedia:Best of BJAODN Wikipedia:More Best of BJAODN Wikipedia:Even more Best of BJAODN Wikipedia:Yet more Best of BJAODN Wikipedia:Still more Best of BJAODN Subpages[edit] /Hamsteria, hamsters decide to make their own country. /Template:Uw-delmain1, an almost useless user warning template. /Template:Uw-toofriendly4, similar to delmain. /Template:Uw-pissoff4, same as toofriendly. Other funny articles[edit] Category:Wikipedia humor m:Category:Humor, a far-out selection of, like, meta-topics that totally transcend the English Wikipedia, man. Really Reformed Church of Wikipedia ??? Y' know, like, this one, dude!!! The Unofficial WikiZoo Provides a permanent home for the strange fauna of WikiLand. Wikipedia:April Fools ??? Once a year, some Wikipedians seem to lose their minds Wikipedia:Bad Jokes and Other Deleted Helpdesk Emails ??? Mailing list oddities! Wikipedia:Bad Jokes and Other Deleted Unblock Emails ??? Strange Unblock requests! Wikipedia:Bad Jokes and Other Non Deleted Nonsense would be BJAODN if it had been deleted. Wikipedia:Deleted articles with freaky titles (WP:DAFT) ??? Weird article titles! Wikipedia:Department of Fun Wikipedia:Lamest edit wars ??? Occasionally, Wikipedians get into edit wars over the most petty things Wikipedia:List of really, really, really stupid article ideas that you really, really, really should not create Wikipedia:No climbing the Reichstag dressed as Spider-Man Wikipedia:Silly Things/Wikipedia's article on George W. Bush Wikipedia:Talk page highlights ??? Some of the strangest exchanges that have ever occurred between editors Wikipedia:Unusual articles ??? ranging from Death erection to The Hands of Che Guevara Wikipedia:Unusual place names ??? The weirdest place names in the world. Wikipedia:Unusual requests that have been posted to the village pump and other places. Wikipedia:Wikiality and Other Tripling Elephants ??? Stephen Colbert trolls Wikipedia! Wikipedia:List of hoaxes on Wikipedia Category:(Redacted) ??? If you want to know the darkest secrets of Wikipedia. Proceed at your own risk. c:Category:Cursed images c:Category:Unusual signs c:Category:Commons' weirdest photographs See also[edit] Wikinews:Bad jokes and other deleted nonsense Wiktionary:Bad jokes and other deleted nonsense Wikivoyage:Bad jokes and other deleted nonsense and Wikivoyage:Joke articles Footnotes[edit] ^ The first edit to BadJokesAndOtherDeletedNonsense via Wikipedia 10K v t e Silly things (Recent changes) Lists of silly things Deleted articles with freaky titles Lamest edit wars Stupid article ideas Unusual articles Unusual place names Unusual requests Best of BJAODN editions First Second Third Fourth Fifth April Fools' 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Great Edit War) 2020 (Great Edit War II) 2021 Main Page Rules for Fools Inactive historical references Bad Jokes and Other Deleted Helpdesk Emails Bad Jokes and Other Deleted Unblock Emails Wikiality and Other Tripling Elephants Wikipedia's article on George W. Bush See also Department of Fun Humorous essays Wikipedia humor category List of jokes about Wikipedia v t e Wikipedia essays Essays on building, editing, and deleting content Philosophy Articles must be written All Five Pillars are the same height Avoid vague introductions Be a reliable source Civil POV pushing Cohesion Competence is required Concede lost arguments Dissent is not disloyalty Don't lie Don't search for objections Editing Wikipedia is like visiting a foreign country Editors will sometimes be wrong Eight simple rules for editing our encyclopedia Explanationism External criticism of Wikipedia Here to build an encyclopedia Most ideas are bad Need Neutrality of sources Not editing because of Wikipedia restriction The one question Oversimplification Paradoxes Paraphrasing POV and OR from editors, sources, and fields Process is important Product, process, policy Purpose Reasonability rule Systemic bias There is no seniority Ten Simple Rules for Editing Wikipedia Tendentious editing The role of policies in collaborative anarchy The rules are principles Trifecta Wikipedia in brief Wikipedia is an encyclopedia Wikipedia is a community Construction 100K featured articles Acronym overkill Advanced source searching Adding images improves the encyclopedia Advanced article editing Advanced table formatting Advanced template coding Advanced text formatting Alternatives to the "Expand" template Amnesia test A navbox on every page An unfinished house is a real problem Articles have a half-life Autosizing images Avoid mission statements Bare URLs Be neutral in form Beef up that first revision Blind men and an elephant BOLD, revert, discuss cycle Build content to endure Cherrypicking Chesterton's fence Children's lit, adult new readers, & large-print books Citation overkill Citation underkill Common-style fallacy Concept cloud Creating controversial content Criticisms of society may be consistent with NPOV and reliability Deprecated sources Dictionaries as sources Don't demolish the house while it's still being built Don't get hung up on minor details Don't hope the house will build itself Don't panic Don't revert due solely to "no consensus" Don't teach the controversy Editing on mobile devices Editors are not mindreaders Encourage the newcomers Endorsements (commercial) Featured articles may have problems Fruit of the poisonous tree Give an article a chance Identifying and using independent sources History sources Law sources Primary sources Science sources Style guides Tertiary sources Ignore STRONGNAT for date formats Inaccuracies in Wikipedia namespace Inaccuracy Introduction to structurism Link rot Mine a source Merge Test Minors and persons judged incompetent "Murder of" articles Not every story/event/disaster needs a biography Not everything needs a navbox Not everything needs a WikiProject Nothing is in stone Organizing disambiguation pages by subject area Permastub Potential, not just current state Principle of some astonishment Printability Pruning article revisions Publicists Put a little effort into it Restoring part of a reverted edit Robotic editing Sham consensus Specialized-style fallacy Stub Makers Run an edit-a-thon Temporary versions of articles Tertiary-source fallacy There is a deadline There is no deadline The deadline is now Understanding Wikipedia's content standards Walled garden What an article should not include Wikipedia is a work in progress Wikipedia is not a reliable source Wikipedia is not being written in an organized fashion The world will not end tomorrow Write the article first Writing better articles Writing Avoid thread mode Gender-neutral language Proseline Use feminine pronouns Write the article first Writing about women Writing better articles Deletion Adjectives in your recommendations AfD is not a war zone Arguments to avoid in deletion discussions Arguments to avoid in deletion reviews Arguments to avoid in image deletion discussions Arguments to make in deletion discussions Avoid repeated arguments Before commenting in a deletion discussion But there must be sources! Confusing arguments mean nothing Content removal Counting and sorting are not original research Delete the junk Does deletion help? Don't confuse stub status with non-notability Don't overuse shortcuts to policy and guidelines to win your argument Follow the leader How to save an article proposed for deletion I just don't like it Identifying blatant advertising Identifying test edits Immunity Keep it concise Liar liar pants on fire Nothing Nothing is clear Overzealous deletion Relisting can be abusive Relist bias The Heymann Standard Unopposed AFD discussion Wikipedia is not Whack-A-Mole Why was the page I created deleted? What to do if your article gets tagged for speedy deletion When in doubt, hide it in the woodwork No Encyclopedic Use Essays on civility The basics Accepting other users Apology Contributing to complicated discussions Divisiveness Edit at your own pace Encouraging the newcomers Enjoy yourself Expect no thanks High-functioning autism and Asperger's editors How to be civil Maintaining a friendly space Negotiation Obsessive???compulsive disorder editors Relationships with academic editors Thank you Too long; didn't read Truce Unblock perspectives Philosophy A weak personal attack is still wrong Advice for hotheads An uncivil environment is a poor environment Be the glue Beware of the tigers! Civility warnings Deletion as revenge Failure Forgive and forget It's not the end of the world Nobody cares Most people who disagree with you on content are not vandals Old-fashioned Wikipedian values Profanity, civility, and discussions Revert notification opt-out Shadowless Fists of Death! Staying cool when the editing gets hot The grey zone The last word There is no Divine Right Of Editors Most ideas are bad Nothing is clear The rules of polite discourse There is no common sense Two wrongs don't make a right Wikipedia is not about winning Writing for the opponent Reader Dos Argue better Assume good faith Assume the assumption of good faith Assume no clue Avoid personal remarks Avoid the word "vandal" Be excellent to one another Beyond civility Call a spade a spade Candor Deny recognition Desist Discussing cruft Drop the stick and back slowly away from the horse carcass Encourage full discussions Get over it How to lose Imagine others complexly Just drop it Keep it down to earth Mind your own business Say "MOBY" No Nazis Read before commenting Settle the process first Don'ts ALPHABETTISPAGHETTI Civil POV pushing Cyberbullying Don't accuse someone of a personal attack for accusing of a personal attack Don't be a fanatic Don't be a jerk Don't be an ostrich Don't be ashamed Don't be a WikiBigot Don't be high-maintenance Don't be inconsiderate Don't be obnoxious Don't be prejudiced Don't be rude Don't be the Fun Police Don't bludgeon the process Don't call a spade a spade Don't call the kettle black Don't call things cruft Don't come down like a ton of bricks Don't cry COI Don't demand that editors solve the problems they identify Don't drink the consensus Kool-Aid Don't eat the troll's food Don't fight fire with fire Don't give a fuck Don't help too much Don't make a smarmy valediction part of your signature Don't remind others of past misdeeds Don't shout Don't spite your face Don't take the bait Don't template the regulars Don't throw your toys out of the pram Do not insult the vandals Griefing Nationalist editing No angry mastodons just madmen No, you can't have a pony Passive aggression Please don't bite the newcomers POV railroad There are no oracles You can't squeeze blood from a turnip WikiRelations WikiBullying WikiCrime WikiHarassment WikiHate WikiLawyering WikiLove WikiPeace Essays on notability Advanced source searching All high schools can be notable Alternative outlets Arguments to avoid in deletion discussions Articles with a single source Avoid template creep Bare notability Big events make key participants notable Bombardment Businesses with a single location But it's true! Citation overkill Common sourcing mistakes Clones Coatrack Discriminate vs indiscriminate information Drafts are not checked for notability or sanity Every snowflake is unique Existence ??? Notability Existence does not prove notability Extracting the meaning of significant coverage Fart Google searches and numbers High Schools Inclusion is not an indicator of notability Independent sources Inherent notability Insignificant Masking the lack of notability Make stubs News coverage does not decrease notability No amount of editing can overcome a lack of notability No big loss No one cares about your garage band No one really cares Notability/Historical/Arguments Notability cannot be purchased Notability comparison test Notability is not a level playing field Notability is not a matter of opinion Notability is not relevance or reliability Notability means impact Notability points Notability sub-pages Notabilitymandering Not every single thing Donald Trump does deserves an article Obscurity ??? Lack of notability Offline sources One hundred words One sentence does not an article make Other stuff exists Overreliance upon Google Perennial websites Pokémon test Read the source Run-of-the-mill Significant coverage not required Solutions are mixtures and nothing else Subjective importance Third-party sources Trivial mentions Video links Vanispamcruftisement What BLP1E is not What is and is not routine coverage What notability is not What to include Wikipedia is not here to tell the world about your noble cause Humorous essays Anti-Wikipedian Asshole John rule Assume bad faith Assume faith Assume good wraith Assume stupidity Assume that everyone's assuming good faith, assuming that you are assuming good faith Avoid using preview button Avoid using wikilinks Bad Jokes and Other Deleted Nonsense BOLD, revert, revert, revert Boston Tea Party Barnstaritis Don't stuff beans up your nose Don't-give-a-fuckism Edits Per Day Editsummarisis Emerson Seven Ages of Editor, by Will E. Spear-Shake Go ahead, vandalize How many Wikipedians does it take to change a lightbulb? How to put up a straight pole by pushing it at an angle Is that even an essay? Newcomers are delicious, so go ahead and bite them Legal vandalism LTTAUTMAOK No climbing the Reichstag dressed as Spider-Man Oops Defense Please be a giant dick, so we can ban you Please bite the newbies R-e-s-p-e-c-t Reducing consensus to an algorithm Requests for medication Requirements for adminship Rouge admin Rouge editor Sarcasm is really helpful Sausages for tasting The Night Before Wikimas The first rule of Wikipedia The Five Pillars of Untruth Things that should not be surprising The WikiBible Watchlistitis Why not create an account? You don't have to be mad to work here, but About essays About essays Essay guide Value of essays Difference between policies, guidelines and essays Don't cite essays as if they were policy Avoid writing redundant essays Finding an essay Quote your own essay Policies and guidelines About policies and guidelines Policies Guidelines How to contribute to Wikipedia guidance Policy writing is hard Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Silly_Things&oldid=1029855340" Categories: Humorous Wikipedia essays Wikipedia Bad Jokes and Other Deleted Nonsense Wikipedia history Hidden categories: Project pages with short description Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Meta-Wiki Wikibooks Wikinews Wikivoyage Wiktionary Languages Alemannisch ??????????????? ??????????????? (????????????????) ????????????? Català ??eština Dansk Eesti Español Esperanto Bahasa Indonesia Italiano Magyar Nederlands ???????? Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk Polski Português Sloven??ina Suomi Svenska ????? ???? Edit links This page was last edited on 22 June 2021, at 12:38 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement