Wikipedia:Wikipedia Signpost/2021-06-27/In the media - Wikipedia Wikipedia:Wikipedia Signpost/2021-06-27/In the media From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia < Wikipedia:Wikipedia Signpost? | 2021-06-27 Jump to navigation Jump to search Boris and Joe, reliability, love, and money: Will he hang it in the Oval Office? ? Back to Contents View Latest Issue27 June 2021 In the media Boris and Joe, reliability, love, and money Contribute — Share this ?E-mail ?Facebook ?Twitter ?LinkedIn ?Reddit By Ganesha811, 3family6, and Smallbones Boris gives Joe an outstanding present Mural of Frederick Douglass in Edinburgh A diplomatic exchange of gifts involving a photo on Commons (right) was thoroughly dissected by The Washington Post, The Independent, The Times and many other newspapers. US President Joe Biden gave UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson a $6,000 bicycle. Boris gave Joe a photograph of a mural in Edinburgh of Frederick Douglass taken from Commons. An earlier version of the story in The Times suggested that Boris' present was not really adequate. Sorry, I didn't archive the earlier story in time, but in any case The Signpost disagrees. It's wonderful that Johnson recognized the importance of US???UK shared history???including Douglass's life and general race relations in both countries. It's even better that Johnson gave a freely licensed photo available on Commons. Why waste the taxpayers' money when such a thoughtful gift is libre as well as gratis. The photographer Melissa Highton gives due credit to the muralist Ross Blair (AKA TrenchOne). Highton is a dual US???UK national with roots in Maryland and Scotland. She says that the "incident gained a wee bit of media coverage" and that it "just goes to show that serendipitous things happen when you share openly." More prime ministers and presidents should give such gifts. We welcome readers' suggestions in the Comments section below on what Commons photos their political leaders should give to other countries' leaders. Be sure to include the filename, e.g. for Biden to France's Emmanuel Macron, include [[:File:New Colossus manuscript Lazarus.jpg]], with a colon in front of "File". The most reliable source on the internet? PC Magazine interviews Amy Bruckman, Professor at Georgia Tech, and a keynote speaker at the upcoming IntelliSys 2021 Conference, who also edits Wikipedia occasionally. She states: The content of a popular Wikipedia page is actually the most reliable form of information ever created. Think about it???a peer-reviewed journal article is reviewed by three experts ... and then is set in stone.... A popular Wikipedia page might be reviewed by thousands of people. If something changes, it is updated.... On the other hand, a less popular Wikipedia page might not be reliable at all. Her book Should You Believe Wikipedia? will be published in 2022 by Cambridge University Press. Canada's Global News offers a slightly different perspective but concludes with similar advice. Arabic Wikipedia grows in size and scope Reuters reports that Arabic Wikipedia now has more than 1 million articles. The story, written by Mahmoud Mourad, notes that in 2020 the number of registered users to the site expanded by 44%, and is now at 136,000. A brief interview with a Wikipedian, Anass Sedrati, contains this quote which gets to the heart of Wikipedia: "We can consider this as an attempt to provide knowledge to those who have not had the same opportunities as us." In another example of the Wikipedia ethos (and some commentary on our notability policies!), a second Wikipedian shares: "...We must have an article on everything that exists and on everything related to our life." Happy editing to all those over at Arabic Wikipedia! Wikipedia, love, and marriage They met about 2010 in a "chat room" on Wikipedia, according to The New York Times among a community of "passionate moderators, writers, and editors". In 2013 they met in person at a Wiki-wedding in New Jersey. Wikimania 2014 in London was next. The relationship heated up a bit in 2016 and again in 2019. This Pi day, March 14, the two were married celebrating with lemon meringue and apple pies. In their spare time they've managed a total of over 30,000 edits. The Signpost sends our warmest congratulations to IShadowed and Shirik. Apparent plagiarism leads Elsevier to retract periodic table book Chemistry World reports that academic publisher Elsevier has retracted the book The Periodic Table: Nature???s Building Blocks: An Introduction to the Naturally Occurring Elements, Their Origins and Their Uses based on accusations that the book plagiarized Wikipedia. An occasional Wikipedia editor Thomas Rauchfuss, an inorganic chemistry professor at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign was notified by another Wikipedian of the apparent plagiarism, and checked it out in some detail. After contacting the book's three co-authors without receiving a satisfactory reply, Rauchfuss notified Elsevier who pulled the book. Canadian students write articles about Indigenous people and social justice Canadian editorial outlet Troy Media publishes the story "Students bring Indigenous perspectives to Wikipedia", which was originally published in the University of Alberta's magazine Folio. The story reports on Dr. Nykkie Lugosi-Schimpf and one of her students, Kris Cromwell, and how they used Wikipedia in Lugosi-Schimpf's course Colonialism and the Criminal Justice System. In the course, students created Wikipedia articles about Indigenous people and the Canadian justice system. Lugosi-Schimpf was inspired to create the course after reading a story about Erin O'Neil, the Wikipedian in Residence for University of Alberta, and O'Neil's discussion about how Wikipedia can be used for social justice projects. Lugosi-Schimpf then contacted Wiki Education to set up the course. Previously the course had students work directly with organizations and communities to fulfill the service learning portion of the course. With the COVID-19 pandemic, such in-person work was not possible and Wikipedia presented an alternative. According to Lugosi-Schimpf, it also presented a great opportunity for students as well. "Indigenous peoples have been spoken for and talked about, and I think that for students to be able to speak for themselves, about themselves, rather than have someone else tell their stories is really important." Students peer-reviewed each other's work before the final articles were posted to Wikipedia, which gave them scholarly editing skills as well as a connection to each other during a difficult time socially due to the pandemic. Kris Cromwell relates that she was excited by the opportunity presented by the course to impact how Wikipedia depicts racialized groups. "I'm a Black woman in the Faculty of Native Studies, and I thought it was important to have something from the perspective of a racialized person with education and training in critical Indigenous studies." She created Indigenous peoples and the Canadian criminal justice system and has continued to edit. She says "while not everyone can be a journalist, everyone can be a Wikipedia editor." An Edit-a-thon for Eternity The Australian Christian newspaper Eternity, working with the WikiProject 1000 Women in Religion, held an edit-a-thon to increase the coverage of Australian religious women. Two more Indigenous Taiwanese language Wikipedias On April 15, 2021, the Atayal and Seediq language Wikipedias were launched, as reported in The News Lens and Language Magazine. Both languages are indigenous to Taiwan, and are the second and third indigenous Taiwanese language Wikipedias to be created. The launch of these Wikipedias, along with the Sakizaya Wikipedia back in 2019 (see prior Signpost coverage), are part of a language revitalization project by the Taiwanese government. Atayal is spoken by only 90,000 people, and Seediq by only 10,000, and fluent speakers of both respective languages are far fewer. In 2018, UNESCO categorized Atayal as "vulnerable" to extinction and Seediq as "severely endangered". These languages belong to the Formosan family of Austronesian languages. Most speakers are elderly. The lab leak hypothesis on Wikipedia Once again CNET reports on the coverage of the COVID-19 pandemic on Wikipedia. This time, the focus is on the origins of the virus: "Inside Wikipedia's endless war over the coronavirus lab leak theory." The article, written by Jackson Ryan, is clear in its descriptions of Wikipedia processes, and features quotes from involved Wikipedians. The piece was well-received on a relevant talk page, with one Wikipedian writing: "it is rare to read an article about Wikipedia that gets things broadly right". In brief Wikipedia is swimming in money???why is it begging people to donate?: While the Wikimedia Foundation raises a record amount of funds this year, Andreas Kolbe, a former editor-in-chief of The Signpost, raises the question of whether the WMF needs the funds. Conversely, James Lileks in his featured column for the Star Tribune recommends that readers of Wikipedia donate to the project. The Power and Pitfalls of Gamification in Wired explores how adding games in a work process encourages the workers. Based on a 2010 experiment which awarded random barnstars to new editors, the author concludes that the positive results on editor retention were due to the editors' motivation as volunteers being aligned with the goal of building an encyclopedia. However she posits that if the workers' motivations are not aligned with the goals of the organization, if they feel manipulated or forced into the game, then gamification may not work. See Random Rewards Rejected in The Signpost for a different view of Wikipedians' reactions to this type of game. Wikipedia turns 20: El País reported on Wikipedia turning 20 this year, and mentions a 2016 study by Open University of Catalonia which endorsed the quality, reliability, and timeliness of scientific content on the Spanish Wikipedia. The Italian version of Wikipedia also turned 20 on 11 May, as reported by il Fatto Quotidiano. New digital catalog links to Wikidata: The German Literature Archive Marbach launched a new digital catalog on 26 April, according to a press release from Informationsdienst Wissenschaft. The catalog connects to Wikidata. Wikipedia as a flagship of public interest internet: The Electronic Frontier Foundation includes Wikipedia as an example of public interest internet in its article about the enclosure of such internet. Wiki Loves Muixerangues: 20 minutos and ElPeriodic.com on Wiki Loves Muixerangues, a GLAM Wiki project organized by L'ETNO, Valencian Museum of Ethnology. [1], [2] Advergames: The A.V. Club wrote about the Wikipedia article Advergames ??? games that are also advertisements. Videos and podcasts Jimbo on section 230: (11 minutes) Jimmy Wales is interviewed on Yahoo! about possible changes to the U.S. law that shields the WMF and other platforms from liability caused by their contributors. "We can't make Facebook legally liable for everything that somebody???s crazy uncle types on the internet.??? Jimmy then moves on to "your sweet grandmother" and "angry boys". "Just the facts, ma'am": (8 minutes) Katherine Maher on April 13, her last day as CEO and Executive Director of the Wikimedia Foundation, was interviewed by Trevor Noah. Over nearly eight minutes, they discussed the growth of Wikipedia, neutrality and verifiability, and fund raising. The main surprise was that she repeated a quote associated with the TV show Dragnet. Katherine Maher also spoke to the Atlantic Council on June 22, 2021. The Nature of Wikipedia: (29 minutes) on podcaster The World According to Wikipedia starts with a discussion on cabals, and moves on to Wiki Loves Earth the international photo competition. Anastasiia Petrova, the international coordinator is featured. Do you want to contribute to "In the media" by writing a story or even just an "in brief" item? Edit next month's edition in the Newsroom or leave a tip on the suggestions page. ??? Previous "In the media" In this issue 27 June 2021 News and notes In the media Disinformation report Recent research Traffic report News from the WMF Humour WikiProject report Forum Discussion report Obituary + Add a commentDiscuss this story These comments are automatically transcluded from this article's talk page. To follow comments, add the page to your watchlist. If your comment has not appeared here, you can try purging the cache. Gee. About two years ago I was planning to ask on the Teahouse "Has there ever been anyone here that found their soulmate through Wikipedia?". I thought that was a stupid question and I dump it on my personal notepad. I guess that question is answered now... --Regards, Jeromi Mikhael 03:40, 28 June 2021 (UTC) The Frederick Douglass photo has just been nominated for deletion on Commons, with the nominator arguing that the UK's laws exclude 2d works such as this from freedom of panorama. Regards, HaeB (talk) 08:47, 28 June 2021 (UTC) Wrt the mural, saying that the photo was "taken from Commons" would not appear to be correct. The photographers' own page says that "Downing Street offices" "found my picture of a mural of Douglass on Wikimedia and contacted [her]" "The mural is by Edinburgh artist Ross Blair (AKA TrenchOne)" "I gave them a high-res version and the Prime Minister???s Office got it printed up and framed." It isn't totally clear but I think that last "gave them" suggests the high-res version was given to Ross Blair (the mural artist) and in turn to the PM. Either way, the high resolution version that was gifted as a photograph came direct from the photographer, not Commons. The version on Commons is only 2MP. -- Colin°Talk 09:12, 28 June 2021 (UTC) Inside Wikipedia's endless war over the coronavirus lab leak theory, a June 27 media article from cnet.com that editors may find interesting (posted here because it came in just after The Signpost's publication and useable in the next issue). Copied the link from Jimbo's talk page. Randy Kryn (talk) 12:25, 29 June 2021 (UTC) This one was already included in the Signpost, it's the last story given a full paragraph above! Definitely worth reading, though, thanks for sharing it again. Ganesha811 (talk) 14:54, 29 June 2021 (UTC) I thought [3] was pretty good, but since I'm too lazy to create an account, I can't even request to share it on the semiprotected discussion pages for the articles. I was surprised to see that it was sponsored by Discord. I'm not sure it covers all of the viable animal transfer theories (such as [4]) but it explains the uncertainty well. MEDRS sources need to have stood unchallenged for years, and we just don't have any of those yet. 107.242.121.42 (talk) 09:41, 3 July 2021 (UTC) Get the latest headlines on your user page ??? just add {{Signpost-subscription}}. Home About Archives Newsroom Subscribe Suggestions Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Wikipedia_Signpost/2021-06-27/In_the_media&oldid=1032772671" Categories: Wikipedia Signpost archives 2021-06 Wikipedia Signpost RSS feed Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Print/export Download as PDF Printable version Languages Add links This page was last edited on 9 July 2021, at 15:27 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement