Wikipedia:Wikipedia Signpost/Newsroom - Wikipedia Wikipedia:Wikipedia Signpost/Newsroom From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia < Wikipedia:Wikipedia Signpost Jump to navigation Jump to search Newsroom for the Wikipedia Signpost ??? Current issue WP:POST/NNewsroom ??????Skip to section: Article status Welcome to the central hub of The Signpost! This is The Signpost Newsroom, a place where The Signpost team can coordinate with writers, both regular and occasional, and people who have suggestions for topics to cover. See the boxes below if you have suggestions (something for the team to write about in regular columns), proposal/submissions (for articles you want to write/have written yourself), or want to create a pre-formated draft article in your userspace, with helpful links and easy-to-edit syntax. Discussion of upcoming issues is done at the newsroom talk page. For general feedback on The Signpost as whole, go to our talk page. To learn more about The Signpost, see our about page. Suggest a topic To suggest a topic to be covered by The Signpost, simply click on the button below or post to our suggestions page manually. Example of good topics are Editors that did something extraordinary/wonderful Ongoing discussions Media coverage of Wikipedia Technical news Updates to important tools and templates Wikipedia-related events but many more exist. Email a private tip to the EiC Propose/submit an article If you have an idea for an article you would like to write, you can submit it for review by the editorial team. You can do so by clicking the button below or by posting to our submissions page manually. News articles should be kept relatively neutral and report on a specific piece of actual news. They can be on any topic of interest to Wikipedians, from general events, to technical news. Opinion pieces are evaluate on originality, relevance to Wikipedians, and the quality of the arguments. They should provoke thought and encourage productive discussion. Special pieces cover things that don't fall neatly in the above two categories. If it's interesting to you, it's likely interesting to someone else as well. Check with us and we'll see what can be done! Create a draft To create a draft of an article in your userspace, simply copy-paste {{subst:Wikipedia:Wikipedia Signpost/Templates/Story-preload}} at User:USERNAME/Signpost draft (replacing USERNAME with your own username). You can also use the button below. This will preload a form, which you can then save and edit. We recommend saving without making any edits to the preloaded form before starting to write your article. v t e Active Wikimedia newsletters All newsletters Recent Changes ( t) = Google Translate Signpost-like Alemannic ( t) Assamese ( t) Chinese ( t) Danish ( t) English French: RAW ( t) French: Wikimag ( t) German ( t) Hebrew ( t) Ukrainian ( t) Wikimedia Chapters: Wikimedia Belgium · Wikimedia Deutschland ( t) · Wikimedia Nederland ( t) · Wikimedia Poland ( t) · Wikimedia Taiwan ( t) · MediaWiki: News · Growth/Newsletters · Meta: Books & Bytes · Goings-on · Learning Quarterly · Referencing with VisualEditor · Research Newsletter · Tech News · Wikimedia News · Outreach: This Month in Education · This Month in GLAM · Planet Wikimedia: Homepage · Wikidata: Facto Post · News · Status updates · Wikisource: News · Wikimedia Foundation: News · Wiktionary: Actualités ( t) English Wikipedia Administrators Bots Bunbunmaru Shinbun: Wikipedia Edition (bbm) (2nd Ias distribution) Discontent Content Facto Post GLAM Goings-on New pages patrol Scripts++ The Signpost VisualEditor WikiCup TheWikiWizard WikiProjects Children's literature Christianity: Ichthus Guild of Copy Editors Medicine Military history: The Bugle NASCAR Spaceflight: The Downlink Tree of Life Tropical cyclones: The Hurricane Herald Video games Voting systems Yorkshire Noticeboards Noticeboard links v t e Current issue (RC) · Next issue (RC) · Submissions · Suggestions Google News · TechMEME The Signpost (talk) About Archives Subscribe Newsroom (talk) Coordination Submissions Suggestions Writing Content Formatting (cheatsheet) Resources Style Newsletters v t e Refresh the page to update the newsroom Deadlines ( v t e ) Writing: 24 July 20:00 UTC (12 days left; 42%) Publishing: 25 July 20:00 UTC (13 days left; 46%) Article status[edit] From the editor Not started Content guidance · Resources News and notes Not started Content guidance · Resources In the media In progress Content guidance · Resources Checklist N Title N Blurb N Ready for copyedit N Copyedit done N Final approval by editor-in-chief Discussion Disinformation report Not started Content guidance · Resources Opinion Not started Content guidance · Resources Recent research Not started Content guidance · Resources Traffic report Not started Content guidance · Resources News from the WMF Not started Content guidance · Resources Humour In progress Content guidance · Resources Checklist Y Title N Blurb N Ready for copyedit N Copyedit done N Final approval by editor-in-chief Discussion WikiProject report Not started Content guidance · Resources Forum Not started Content guidance · Resources Arbitration report Not started Content guidance · Resources Discussion report Not started Content guidance · Resources Obituary Not started Content guidance · Resources Placeholders for special and irregular columns Move these up to the appropriate position as required (e.g. adjacent to News and Notes). Copy the section header from the submission page into the |Submission= parameter so that the "Check status" button appears and works correctly. Op-Ed Not started Content guidance · Resources Please do not create unless approved on the submissions page Special report Not started Content guidance · Resources Please do not create unless approved on the submissions page Technology report Not started Content guidance · Resources Gallery Not started Content guidance · Resources In focus In progress Content guidance · Resources Checklist N Title N Blurb N Ready for copyedit N Copyedit done N Final approval by editor-in-chief Discussion Essay Not started Content guidance · Resources From the archives Not started Content guidance · Resources Changing the world Not started Content guidance · Resources Interview Not started Content guidance · Resources Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Wikipedia_Signpost/Newsroom&oldid=1031773531" Hidden categories: Project pages with short description Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version Languages Dansk Español Português ???? Edit links This page was last edited on 3 July 2021, at 15:17 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement