Wikipedia:Wikipedia Signpost/Next issue/Featured content - Wikipedia Wikipedia:Wikipedia Signpost/Next issue/Featured content From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia < Wikipedia:Wikipedia Signpost? | Next issue Jump to navigation Jump to search This is a draft of a potential Signpost article, and should not be interpreted as a finished piece. Its content is subject to review by the editorial team and ultimately by Smallbones, the editor-in-chief. Please do not link to this draft as it is unfinished and the URL will change upon publication. If you would like to contribute and are familiar with the requirements of a Signpost article, feel free to be bold in making improvements! This draft article ... N ... has no title defined. N ... has no blurb defined. N ... is not yet ready to be copyedited. N ... has not yet been copyedited. N ... is not yet ready for publication. Writer resources ... The Newsroom (talk) Content guidance Cheatsheet Formatting Resources Style Submissions Suggestions Last revised 18:05, 28 March 2021 (UTC) (2 months ago) by Bri (refresh) ? Back to Contents View Latest IssueNext issue Featured content YOUR ARTICLE'S DESCRIPTIVE TITLE HERE Contribute — Share this ?E-mail ?Facebook ?Twitter ?LinkedIn ?Reddit By Adam Cuerden Lead image caption. This Signpost "Featured content" report covers material promoted from 10 January through 6 February. Quotes are generally from the articles, but may be abridged or simplified for length. ??? ???Now! Now!??? cried the Queen. ???Faster! Faster!??? And they went so fast that at last they seemed to skim through the air, hardly touching the ground with their feet, till suddenly, just as Alice was getting quite exhausted, they stopped, and she found herself sitting on the ground, breathless and giddy. The Queen propped her up against a tree, and said kindly, ???You may rest a little now.??? Alice looked round her in great surprise. ???Why, I do believe we???ve been under this tree the whole time! Everything???s just as it was!??? ???Of course it is,??? said the Queen, ???what would you have it???? ???Well, in our country,??? said Alice, still panting a little, ???you???d generally get to somewhere else???if you ran very fast for a long time, as we???ve been doing.??? ???A slow sort of country!??? said the Queen. ???Now, here, you see, it takes all the running you can do, to keep in the same place. If you want to get somewhere else, you must run at least twice as fast as that!??? ???Lewis Carroll, ''Through the Looking-Glass ??? It's the Red Queen's race again, where keeping up with Featured Content requires us to run very fast, just to end up next month right where we started. On the upside, I got to do a lot of things away from Wikipedia this month that vastly improved my mood. On the downside, it's 26 March as I write this, and we're meant to publish in two days, and I currently have... this introduction. Well, let's see how we do! Featured articles[edit] X featured articles were promoted this period. The Ba Congress was called by the Chetnik leader Draža Mihailovi??. Ba Congress, nominated by Peacemaker67 The Ba Congress, also known as the Saint Sava Congress or Great People's Congress, was a meeting of representatives of Draža Mihailovi??'s Chetnik movement held between 25 and 28 January 1944 in the village of Ba in the German-occupied territory of Serbia during World War II. It sought to provide a political alternative to the plans for post-war Yugoslavia set out by the Chetnik's rivals, the communist-led Yugoslav Partisans, and attempted to reverse the decision of the major Allied powers to provide their exclusive support to the Yugoslav Partisans while withdrawing their support of the Chetniks. Islanders (video game), nominated by Premeditated Chaos Islanders (stylized in all uppercase) is a casual city-building game developed and published by German indie game studio Grizzly Games. In Islanders, players earn points by strategically placing buildings from their inventory onto a procedurally generated island. Earning points restocks the building inventory, eventually unlocking new types of buildings and the ability to move to a new island and continue the session. The session ends when no more points can be gained because no buildings are available or there is no space to place them. The overall goal of the game is to obtain the highest score possible in a single session. Shops along the boardwalk, with the Parachute Jump in the background Riegelmann Boardwalk, nominated by Epicgenius The Riegelmann Boardwalk (also known as the Coney Island Boardwalk) is a 2.7-mile-long (4.3 km) boardwalk along the southern shore of the Coney Island peninsula in the New York City borough of Brooklyn, facing the Atlantic Ocean. Opened in 1923, the boardwalk runs between West 37th Street at the edge of the Sea Gate neighborhood to the west and Brighton 15th Street in Brighton Beach to the east. The boardwalk connects several amusement areas and attractions on Coney Island, including the New York Aquarium, Luna Park, Deno's Wonder Wheel Amusement Park, and MCU Park. It has become an icon of Coney Island, with numerous appearances in the visual arts, music, and film. The boardwalk has been considered the most important public works project in Brooklyn since the Brooklyn Bridge, with an impact comparable to the Catskill Watershed and Central Park. Haane Manahi, nominated by Zawed Haane Te Rauawa Manahi, DCM (28 September 1913 – 29 March 1986) was a New Zealand M??ori soldier during the Second World War whose gallantry during the Tunisian campaign resulted in a recommendation that he be awarded the Victoria Cross (VC). The subsequent award of the Distinguished Conduct Medal (DCM) disappointed his fellow soldiers who, after his death, advocated greater recognition of his valour. This eventually resulted in a special award in 2007 of an altar cloth for use in a local church, ceremonial sword and a personal letter from Queen Elizabeth II in recognition of his gallantry. 1st Missouri Field Battery, nominated by Hog Farm The 1st Missouri Field Battery was a field artillery battery that served in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. The battery was formed by Captain Westley F. Roberts in Arkansas in September 1862 as Roberts' Missouri Battery and was originally armed with two 12-pounder James rifles and two 6-pounder smoothbore guns. The unit fought in the Battle of Prairie Grove on December 7, as part of a Confederate offensive. Roberts' Battery withdrew after the battle and transferred to Little Rock, Arkansas, where Roberts resigned and was replaced by Lieutenant Samuel T. Ruffner. During the middle of 1863, the unit, as Ruffner's Missouri Battery, was part of a force sent to the Mississippi River under the command of Colonel John Bullock Clark Jr., with the intent of harassing Union shipping. Clark's force was eventually recalled to Little Rock, which was being threatened by the Union Army of Arkansas under Major General Frederick Steele. The Confederates abandoned Little Rock on September 10, and Ruffner's Battery saw action during the retreat as part of the rear guard. After the retreat from Little Rock, Ruffner's Battery was temporarily assigned to Brigadier General John S. Marmaduke's cavalry division. The battery accompanied Marmaduke in an expedition against the Union garrison of Pine Bluff, Arkansas, seeing action at the Battle of Pine Bluff on October 25. Chandler's Ford shooting, nominated by HJ Mitchell Paper Mario: The Origami King, nominated by Panini! Star Trek Generations, nominated by Der Wohltemperierte Fuchs (David Fuchs) American logistics in the Northern France campaign, nominated by Hawkeye7 "Shake It Off", nominated by H?? Pepi I Meryre, nominated by Iry-Hor Hi-5 (Australian band), nominated by SatDis Columbia, South Carolina, Sesquicentennial half dollar, nominated by Wehwalt Sennacherib, nominated by Ichthyovenator Battle of the Saw, nominated by Gog the Mild Featured pictures[edit] X featured pictures were promoted this period. Buddy Hield, nominated by Name Haliotis kamtschatkana, nominated by Name Omer calendar, nominated by Name Paratroopers at the Western Wall, nominated by Name Kumquat, nominated by Name St. Gilgen, nominated by Name Warming stripes, nominated by Name Bay Area Rapid Transit train, nominated by Name Press conference after "The War of the Worlds" broadcast, nominated by Name Yellow-throated miner, nominated by Name Galle Lighthouse, nominated by Name Kourion, nominated by Name A Negress, nominated by Name Giuseppe Arcimboldo, nominated by Name Radiated tortoise, nominated by Name Mount Ngauruhoe, nominated by Name George Washington, nominated by Name Prehnite, nominated by Name The Sleeping Gypsy, nominated by Name Pontia edusa, nominated by Name Shapur I's victory relief at Naqsh-e Rostam, nominated by Name Featured lists[edit] X featured lists were promoted this period. First article's image (choose first article with good image, and space out images) List of songs recorded by Billie Eilish, nominated by Name Wales national football team results (1946???1959), nominated by Name List of international goals scored by Vivianne Miedema, nominated by Name List of awards and nominations received by Better Call Saul, nominated by Name List of awards and nominations received by Benicio del Toro, nominated by Name List of songs recorded by Bruno Mars, nominated by Name List of Latvian submissions for the Academy Award for Best International Feature Film, nominated by Name List of Billboard number-one country songs of 2020, nominated by Name List of Billboard number-one country songs of 1956, nominated by Name List of awards and nominations received by The Good Place, nominated by Name List of accolades received by The Big Short (film), nominated by Name List of Burnley F.C. internationals, nominated by Name List of international goals scored by Phil Younghusband, nominated by Name List of Changeling: The Dreaming books, nominated by Name DNA and RNA codon tables, nominated by Name List of Kim Hee-chul performances, nominated by Name Sushmita Sen filmography, nominated by Name Clint Eastwood filmography, nominated by Name Footer image caption. ??? Previous "Featured content" In this issue Next issue + Add a commentDiscuss this story These comments are automatically transcluded from this article's talk page. To follow comments, add the page to your watchlist. If your comment has not appeared here, you can try purging the cache. To discuss this draft Signpost article, please use the newsroomWikipedia talk:Wikipedia Signpost/Newsroom (This allows for greater visibility of discussions, makes archiving easier, and prevents discussions becoming disconnected from articles during the publication process) It's your Signpost. You can help us. Home About Archives Newsroom Subscribe Suggestions Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Wikipedia_Signpost/Next_issue/Featured_content&oldid=1014713586" Categories: Wikipedia Signpost draft articles Hidden categories: Noindexed pages Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Print/export Download as PDF Printable version Languages Add links This page was last edited on 28 March 2021, at 18:05 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement