Wikipedia:WikiProject Kansas - Wikipedia Wikipedia:WikiProject Kansas From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search This is a WikiProject, an area for focused collaboration among Wikipedians. New participants are welcome; please feel free to participate! Guide to WikiProjects Directory of WikiProjects Portal:Kansas Shortcut WP:Kansas This project template is under construction. Anyone is welcome to rearrange things or help set up some of the subsidiary pages and templates. Contents 1 Project Divisions 2 Article alerts 3 Tasks and statistics 3.1 Statistics 3.1.1 Articles and system 3.1.2 Featured articles 3.1.3 B-Class articles 3.1.4 Start articles 3.2 Stub links 3.3 Find a photograph 4 Participants 4.1 Active members 4.2 Former members 4.3 Member identification 5 Templates and infoboxes 5.1 infoboxes 5.2 Templates 5.3 Userbox templates 6 Related WikiProjects 7 Tips 8 Resources 9 Tools Shortcut WP:Kansas Welcome This WikiProject was formed to foster better articles on the U.S. state of Kansas with a spirit of cooperation. This page and its subpages contain suggestions on formatting and layout of articles, which can be discussed at the project's talk page. To participate, simply add your name at the member section below. Project Divisions[edit] WikiProject Divisions Alerts - provides members of WikiProject Kansas with information about new discussions or collaborations. Communities (talk)—Cities, towns, villages and boroughs Physical geography (talk)— Regions, parks, climate, physical features Transportation (talk)— Roads, trails, rail, ferries, and airplanes in and around Kansas Culture (talk)— Music, art, icons, mass communication People (talk)—Includes Kansas natives and those residents who have shaped Kansas Government (talk)—Government: federal, state and local politics in relation to Kansas History (talk)—History of Kansas during and prior to statehood Economy (Talk)—Major Kansas industries, employers, trends, and history relating to the economy of Kansas Article alerts[edit] Featured article candidates 26 May 2021 – Tornado over Kansas (talk · edit · hist) was FA nominated by GeneralPoxter (t · c); see discussion Good article nominees 01 Jul 2021 – K-170 (Kansas highway) (talk · edit · hist) was GA nominated by 420Traveler (t · c); start discussion Articles to be merged 13 Jun 2021 – Silverdale Township, Cowley County, Kansas (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for merging to Silverdale, Kansas by PamD (t · c); see discussion 13 Jun 2021 – Silverdale, Kansas (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for merging to Silverdale Township, Cowley County, Kansas by PamD (t · c); see discussion Articles to be split 23 Jun 2020 – List of lakes, reservoirs, and dams in Kansas (talk · edit · hist) is proposed for splitting by Wolfgang8741 (t · c); see discussion Articles for creation 13 May 2021 – Draft:WaterOne (talk · edit · hist) has been submitted for AfC by Freezer787! (t · c) Tasks and statistics[edit] Statistics[edit] WikiProject statistics Further information on explanation of article grading system: Wikipedia:Version 1.0 Editorial Team/Assessment Articles and system[edit] Main page: 1.0 Editorial Team : Kansas articles Kansas articles by quality and importance Quality Importance Top High Mid Low NA ??? Total FA 2 3 5 FL 1 1 GA 1 5 57 63 B 3 5 33 61 102 C 3 12 50 240 2 44 351 Start 4 14 393 1,897 1 143 2,452 Stub 1 10 3,588 1 331 3,931 List 1 7 30 197 1 1 237 Category 2 3,580 3,582 Disambig 43 43 File 150 150 Portal 36 36 Project 1 33 34 Redirect 11 602 613 Template 1 347 348 Other 5 5 Assessed 11 40 523 6,059 4,801 519 11,953 Unassessed 1 504 505 Total 11 40 523 6,060 4,801 1,023 12,458 WikiWork factors (?) ?? = 37,692 ? = 5.46 Featured articles[edit] ??? FA-Class Kansas articles B-Class articles[edit] ??? B-Class Kansas articles Start articles[edit] ??? Start-Class Kansas articles Open tasks for Wikipedia:WikiProject Kansas. Edit or discuss these tasks. Shortcuts: Recent changes | Categories | History Urgent: To Nominate at WP:FAC: To Improve to Featured standard: Kansas; Topeka, Kansas; Wichita, Kansas; Lawrence, Kansas; Salina, Kansas; History of Kansas; List of counties in Kansas Collaboration: Kansas To Expand: Kansas State Board of Education; Walnut River (Kansas); Cow Creek (Kansas); Saline River (Kansas); Solomon River (Kansas); The Birger Sandzén Memorial Gallery; Ninnescah River (Kansas); Mission Creek To Clean up: Independence, Kansas; Leavenworth, Kansas To Merge: To Destub: See: Category:Kansas stubs To Deorphan: To Categorize: add Category:Kansas Sports Hall of Fame inductees to all bios of those listed at Kansas Sports Hall of Fame#Inductees To Create: Articles in: Category:Newspapers published in Kansas; Category:Libraries in Kansas To de-redlink: Lists to de-redlink: Lakes, reservoirs, and dams in Kansas; List of rivers of Kansas Lists to complete: List of Kansas-related topics; List of people from Kansas Wanted Photos/Graphics: Crane Observatory; Haviland Crater; Lake Afton Public Observatory; Philip Billard Municipal Airport Wanted New Photos: missing photos of Kansas Courthouses, all buildings on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Kansas Maintain: add {{WikiProject Kansas|class=|importance=}} to the talk pages of Kansas-related articles and add the articles to Wikipedia:WikiProject Kansas/Kansas recent changes so related changes link works. Stub links[edit] WikiProject Link to Stubs If the priority articles in the top of this page don't interest you, you can always expand one of these stubs. Kansas stubs Geography stubs Politician stubs Find a photograph[edit] WikiProject Kansas Photographs Many Kansas articles lack photographs: some of these can be found at Category:Wikipedia requested photographs in Kansas. If any are located near you, you can help Wikipedia by uploading a freely licensed photograph to Wikimedia Commons. Please help take photos of various Kansas Courthouses that are missing. Participants[edit] Active members[edit] To join WikiProject Kansas, edit this section and insert the Wikitext #{{subst:me}} with your areas of interest into the following list of members in alphabetical order. Members should also place member identification on their user page. Aardvark92 (talk · contribs) Activist (talk · contribs) Have traveled most of the state including every Interstate mile. Interest in Government and communities. Bhall87 (talk · contribs) - Lawrence, Kansas, mainly interested in Kansas cities, Bleeding Kansas, Northeast Kansasand trying to get photos of places in Kansas. Also, I am doing a massive list of ghost towns in Kansas. Buaidh (talk · contribs) - Northwestern Kansas TerritoryHistory of the Territory of Kansas Couillaud (talk · contribs) Cuprum17 (talk · contribs) - S.E. Kansas FUBAR007 (talk · contribs) - Cities and towns in central and western Kansas Flibbert (talk · contribs) Haymaker (talk · contribs) - SE Kansas - Educational institutions, agriculture, SE Kansas in general ilamb94 (talk · contribs) - Wichita, Kansas, Interested in Kansas politics and Kansas towns. IveGoneAway (talk · contribs) - Kansas geology and related settlement history, especially the counties along primordial Interstate 70. Jp07 (talk · contribs) Ks0stm (talk · contribs) - Salina, Kansas, Anything related to cities/towns/counties or central Kansas. L337p4wn (talk · contribs) - Wichita, Kansas Lithistman (talk · contribs) - Southwest Kansas, mainly interested in Dodge City-related articles, Bleeding Kansas, photographing places in Kansas, and Kansas history. marshan3q (talk · contribs) - Lawrence, Kansas Born in Topeka, raised all over the state by Kansas teachers (mother Kindergarten, father high school social studies). Fascinated by Kansas history, the history of the Free Staters, Jayhawkers, Lawrence, Topeka, and pretty much the entire state of Kansas. Trying to get photos of every city/community and Kansas and eventually would like to create a WikiBook on the state marasama (talk · contribs) - Wichita, Kansas Mdupont (talk · contribs) - Topeka, Kansas, Commons, Community. mateinsixtynine (talk · contribs) - Topeka, Kansas and northeast Kansas stuff. Moonraker0022 (talk · contribs) Mustang06 (talk · contribs) paulmcdonald (talk · contribs) - Overland Park, Kansas, working on Cloud County and college football articles for schools in Kansas Qqqqqq (talk · contribs) - Politics and license plates, specifically Political party strength in Kansas and Vehicle registration plates of Kansas Reddi (talk · contribs) Ryan2845 (talk · contribs) Sbmeirow (talk · contribs) - communities Spacefem (talk · contribs) - Wichita, Kansas, Particularly interested in cities, but I'll help out anywhere. Spacini (talk · contribs) - Manhattan, Kansas, Kansas in the Civil War & Kansas biographies. WTGDMan1986 (talk · contribs) WaltBren (talk · contribs) - Manhattan, Kansas, Interested in Bus and rail transportation in Kansas, as well as general articles. Wrad (talk · contribs) Baylor98 (talk · contribs) - Kansas City Metropolitan Area Arkoutdoors (talk · contribs) - south-eastern Kansas in particular, as well as Kansas geography, history and politics. Zamorakphat (talk · contribs) - Interested in Topeka and North Eastern Kansas Kmwebber (talk · contribs) -Interested in Kansas History, hoping to contribute to articles soon! Funplussmart (talk · contribs) -South central Kansas, particularly in the Wichita area. Military Peanuts (talk) 20:14, 19 March 2020 (UTC) -Native and current resident of De Soto, Kansas, former resident of Geary County, Kansas, spent summers as a child in Salina, Kansas Hallward's Ghost (talk · contribs) 00:33:56, 16 August 2020 (UTC) I was born and raised in Lewis, Kansas, and am interested in working in articles relating to the history of Kansas, particularly regarding prehistory and the history of Indigenous people in Kansas, as well as the Bleeding Kansas time period. AlSmith28 (talk · contribs) Former members[edit] Thank you for your help! Please move your username back to the active list when you can participate again. Bjorklund_ks (talk · contribs) - Wichita, Kansas, Interested in Kansas sports history & Kansan athletes. - No edits since November 2009 Burroughsks88 (talk · contribs) - No edits since August 2009 CharacterZero (talk · contribs) - Only 1 edit (in March 2011) since November 2010 Jwadeo (talk · contribs) - No edits since March 2009 Kivaan (talk · contribs) - No edits since April 2008 JKetchersid (talk · contribs) - Wichita, Kansas, Kansas Museums - No edits since January 2011 Member identification[edit] Members of WikiProject Kansas should place one of the following on their user page to add it to Category:WikiProject Kansas members. Wikitext userbox where used [[Category:WikiProject Kansas members]] none linked pages {{Template:User WikiProject Kansas}} This user is a member of WikiProject Kansas. linked pages {{Template:User WP Kansas}} This user is a member of WikiProject Kansas. linked pages {{Template:User WP Kansas|invite}} This user invites you to join WikiProject Kansas. linked pages For other Kansas user templates see Category:Kansas user templates. Templates and infoboxes[edit] infoboxes[edit] WikiProject Kansas Infoboxes Code Result {{Kansas}} Infobox for use on regions, cities, and boroughs; placed at the bottom of article pages. v t e State of Kansas Topeka (capital) Topics Index History Bleeding Kansas Constitutions Timeline Governors Delegations Landmarks People Places Geography Tourist attractions Seal of Kansas Society Culture Crime Demographics Economy Education Politics Regions Cherokee Strip Cross Timbers Dissected Till Plains East Central Four State Area Flint Hills High Plains North Central Osage Plains Ozarks Red Hills Santa Fe Trail Region Smoky Hills Southeast Largest cities (1) Wichita (2) Overland Park (3) Kansas City (4) Olathe (5) Topeka (6) Lawrence (7) Shawnee (8) Manhattan (9) Lenexa (10) Salina (11) Hutchinson (12) Leavenworth (13) Leawood (14) Dodge City (15) Garden City (16) Junction City (17) Emporia (18) Derby (19) Prairie Village (20) Liberal (21) Hays (22) Pittsburg (23) Gardner (24) Newton (25) Great Bend (26) McPherson (27) El Dorado (28) Ottawa (29) Winfield (30) Arkansas City (31) Andover (32) Lansing (33) Merriam (34) Atchison (35) Haysville (36) Parsons (37) Coffeyville (38) Mission (39) Independence (40) Augusta (41) Chanute (42) Wellington (43) Fort Scott (44) Park City (45) Bonner Springs (46) Valley Center (47) Pratt (48) Bel Aire (49) Roeland Park (50) Abilene Counties Allen Anderson Atchison Barber Barton Bourbon Brown Butler Chase Chautauqua Cherokee Cheyenne Clark Clay Cloud Coffey Comanche Cowley Crawford Decatur Dickinson Doniphan Douglas Edwards Elk Ellis Ellsworth Finney Ford Franklin Geary Gove Graham Grant Gray Greeley Greenwood Hamilton Harper Harvey Haskell Hodgeman Jackson Jefferson Jewell Johnson Kearny Kingman Kiowa Labette Lane Leavenworth Lincoln Linn Logan Lyon Marion Marshall McPherson Meade Miami Mitchell Montgomery Morris Morton Nemaha Neosho Ness Norton Osage Osborne Ottawa Pawnee Phillips Pottawatomie Pratt Rawlins Reno Republic Rice Riley Rooks Rush Russell Saline Scott Sedgwick Seward Shawnee Sheridan Sherman Smith Stafford Stanton Stevens Sumner Thomas Trego Wabaunsee Wallace Washington Wichita Wilson Woodson Wyandotte Lists List of counties in Kansas List of townships in Kansas List of cities in Kansas List of unincorporated communities in Kansas List of ghost towns in Kansas Lists of people from Kansas Templates[edit] WikiProject Kansas Templates Code Result {{WikiProject Kansas|class=|importance=}} Template showing an article, image, category, or template is part of this WikiProject. Placed at the top of talk pages, not articles. After tagging an article, you can add it and its talk page to Wikipedia:WikiProject Kansas/Kansas recent changes if you want it to show up before the next update. WikiProject Kansas (Rated Project-class) Kansas portal This article is within the scope of WikiProject Kansas, a collaborative effort to improve the coverage of the U.S. state of Kansas on Wikipedia. If you would like to participate, please visit the project page, where you can join the discussion and see a list of open tasks.KansasWikipedia:WikiProject KansasTemplate:WikiProject KansasKansas articles Project This article has been rated as Project-Class on the project's quality scale. {{Kansas History}} Template to categorize different periods in Kansas's history; placed toward the top of history-related article pages. Important dates in Kansas's history July???August 1541 Coronado explores Kansas April 30, 1803 Louisiana Purchase Treaty signed May 30, 1854 Kansas Territory organized July 29, 1859 Constitution adopted by convention January 29, 1861 Kansas becomes 34th state August 21, 1863 Quantrill's Raid on Lawrence Spring 1879 Exodusters February 19, 1881 First state to Constitutionally prohibit alcohol 1890s Populist Revolt July 1951 Great Flood of 1951 May 17, 1954 Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka More... {{Kansas-stub}} Stub notice for Kansas articles not covered by one of the other stub categories; placed at the bottom of article pages This Kansas-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. v t e {{Kansas-geo-stub}} Stub notice for articles dealing with Kansas locations or geographical features; placed at the bottom of article pages This Kansas state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. v t e {{Kansas-politician-stub}} Stub notice for Kansas politicians; placed at the bottom of article pages This article about a Kansas politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. v t e {{Kansas-school-stub}} Stub notice for Kansas schools (but not colleges or universities); placed at the bottom of article pages This Kansas school-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. v t e For Kansas-related articles needing a photograph, use {{Image requested|in=Kansas}} in the talk page, which adds the article needing a photo to Category:Wikipedia requested photographs in Kansas. You can help Wikipedia by uploading freely licensed photographs for these articles to Wikimedia Commons. The Free Image Search Tool may be able to locate suitable images on other web sites. The Image Existence Checker shows articles in this list that have images. It is requested that a photograph be included in this article to improve its quality. Wikipedians in Kansas may be able to help! The Free Image Search Tool or Creative Commons Search may be able to locate suitable images on Flickr and other web sites. Upload {{Kansas Barnstar}} Award a barnstar to an editor who has added value to the project. The Kansas Barnstar The Kansas Barnstar is awarded to editors to recognize significant contributions to Kansas-related aticles. ' Userbox templates[edit] Code Result {{Template:User interest Kansas|6}} This user is interested in the U.S. State of Kansas. Usage {{Template:User interest Kansas|8}} This user is interested in the U.S. State of Kansas. Usage {{Template:User interest Kansas|10}} This user is interested in the U.S. State of Kansas. Usage {{Template:User interest Kansas|12}} This user is interested in the U.S. State of Kansas. Usage {{Template:User Kansas}} This user lives in the U.S. State of Kansas. Usage {{Template:User Kansan}} This user is a native of Kansas. Usage {{Template:User WP Kansas}} This user is a member of WikiProject Kansas. Usage {{Template:User WPKansas}} This user is a member of WikiProject Kansas. Usage {{User:Dailynetworks/ubx/Kansas}} This user has visited Kansas. Usage Related WikiProjects[edit] Related WikiProjects WikiProject Kansas is one of the United States WikiProjects. National United States States Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming List of U.S. State-level WikiProjects and their sub-projects Territories Caribbean Puerto Rico Virgin Islands District of Columbia Micronesia Guam Johnston Atoll Northern Mariana Islands Wake Island Midway Atoll Polynesia American Samoa Regional Counties Superfunds Borders Canada Mexico North America Culture American animation American cinema American football American music American television Archives of American Art Civil War Comics History Library of Congress Military history National Register of Historic Places Old West Revolutionary War Smithsonian Institution Smithsonian Institution Archives Government Donald Trump Congress Courts and judges FBI Federal Government Legislative Data Gerald Ford Government Governors National Archives & Records Administration National Institutes of Health Presidential elections Presidents Public Policy State Legislatures Supreme Court cases Society African diaspora Asian Americans Franco-Americans Indigenous peoples of North America Hispanic and Latino Americans Mexican-Americans Transportation U.S. Roads U.S. Streets Featured content Did you knows Featured articles Featured lists Popular pages Also related, and often overlapping heavily with US topics, are WikiProject Canada and WikiProject Mexico. Tips[edit] Useful tips for "WikiProject Kansas" editors: See Wikipedia:USCITY article for U.S. city guideline. This should be used for all U.S. communities, which includes incorporated cities, unincorporated cities, ghost towns, neighborhoods. Obviously, not all fields and sections apply in non-incorporated community articles. (tip by User:Sbmeirow) Since some websites delete or move old webpages, it's best to archive the webpage AND add it to your references. This future-proofs your references, because if the old webpage goes away, then Wikipedia still has access to an archived copy. Instructions: 1) open up first webpage that you plan to use in your reference, 2) open up a second webpage to https://archive.org/web/ 3) paste first webpage box on right side under "Save Page Now" then press "Save Page" button and wait archive.org to backup the webpage, 4) open up wikipedia article that needs the reference, 5) edit the article, 6) click the cursor where you need to insert the reference, 7) choose a "Cite" template at the top of the edit window, 8) click "Show/hide extra fields" button (to show archive fields), 9) fill in fields, 10) click "Preview" button to make sure you haven't made a mistake, 11) click "Insert" button to insert the reference citation text into the edit window. (tip by User:Sbmeirow) Resources[edit] Websites State Library of Kansas Digital Resources, kslib.info, available for individuals whose IP address is in Kansas Kansas Historical Society, kshs.org, references and some digitized documents Internet Archive, archive.org, digitized books and documents Kansas List of books about Kansas, many of these books are online Wikipedia Wikipedia : The Missing Manual; John Broughton; O'Reilly Media; 312 pages; 2008; ISBN 9780596515164. (Online HTML eBook) Tools[edit] Main tool page: toolserver.org Reflinks - Edits bare references - adds title/dates etc. to bare references Checklinks - Edit and repair external links Dab solver - Quickly resolve ambiguous links. Peer reviewer - Provides hints and suggestion to improving articles. v t e Wikipedia key policies and guidelines (?) Five pillars Ignore all rules Content (?) P Verifiability No original research Neutral point of view What Wikipedia is not Biographies of living persons Copyright (Copyright violations) Image use Article titles G Notability Autobiography Citing sources Reliable sources Reliable sources (medicine) Do not include copies of lengthy primary sources Plagiarism Don't create hoaxes Fringe theories Patent nonsense External links Conduct (?) P Civility Consensus Harassment Vandalism Ignore all rules No personal attacks Ownership of content Edit warring Dispute resolution Sockpuppetry No legal threats Child protection Paid-contribution disclosure G Assume good faith Conflict of interest Disruptive editing Do not disrupt Wikipedia to illustrate a point Etiquette Gaming the system Please do not bite the newcomers Courtesy vanishing Responding to threats of harm Talk page guidelines Signatures Deletion (?) P Deletion policy Proposed deletion Biographies Criteria for speedy deletion Attack page Oversight Revision deletion Enforcement (?) P Administrators Banning Blocking Page protection Editing (?) P Editing policy G Article size Be bold Disambiguation Hatnotes Broad-concept article Understandability Style Manual of Style Contents Accessibility Dates and numbers Images Layout Lead section Linking Lists Classification Categories, lists, and navigation templates Categorization Template namespace Project content (?) G Project namespace WikiProjects User pages User boxes Shortcuts Subpages WMF (?) P Terms of Use List of policies Friendly space policy Licensing and copyright Privacy policy List of all policies and guidelines P: List of policies G: List of guidelines Summaries of values and principles v t e WikiProject Council WikiProject guides WikiProject Council Talk Guidelines/Intro WikiProjects Task forces Technical notes Assessment FAQ Work via WikiProjects Directories and summaries Directory Proposals Signpost Shortcuts Popular pages Database reports Watchers Culture and the arts Arts Music Performing Plastic Visual Broadcasting Crafts and hobbies Entertainment Games and toys Food and drink Internet culture Language and literature Biography Linguistics Media Philosophy and religion Sports Geographical Bodies of water Cities Countries Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Landforms Maps Parks, conservation areas and historical sites History and society History and society Business and economics Education Military and warfare Politics and government Transportation Science, technology and engineering Science Biology Chemistry Economics Geosciences Information science Mathematics Medicine Meteorology Physics Space Technology Time Wikipedia assistance and tasks Contents systems Maintenance Files Article improvement and grading Classroom projects WikiProjects Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:WikiProject_Kansas&oldid=1033126770" Categories: Active WikiProjects WikiProject U.S. states WikiProject Kansas Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version Languages ???? Edit links This page was last edited on 11 July 2021, at 19:18 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement