Blog - Creative Commons Skip to content Menu Share your work Use & remix What We Do Blog Creative Commons Global Network Search the Commons Share your work Use & remix What We Do Blog Search for CC images Global Network Newsletter Store Contact Facebook Twitter Mail Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons Donate Now Creative Commons > Blog Find news by topic About CC Arts / culture CC-Licensed Projects Community Education / OER Events Global affiliates Journalism Legal tools / licenses Open access Open data Open science Policy / advocacy / copyright reform Press Public Domain Share your work Technology Uncategorized Weblog News SDG Academy & Creative Commons June 22, 2021 + By Cable Green: Director of Open Education, Creative Commons, and Chandrika Bahadur: Director, SDG Academy Open access to knowledge has never been more important than it is today. The promise of connectivity and the democratization of knowledge has made it possible for anyone, anywhere, to learn. In an increasingly connected and complex world, society … Read More “SDG Academy & Creative Commons” Education / OER CC Copyright Platform Members Share the Stories of Their Projects June 14, 2021 Last year, six projects were carried out thanks to funding made available to the Creative Commons Copyright Platform members to drive policy issues affecting the open movement. In this blog post, we???re glad to share the engaging, inspiring articles the project lead wrote on CC???s Medium publication We Like to Share. Preparing Bulgarian GLAMs for … Read More “CC Copyright Platform Members Share the Stories of Their Projects” Community We???re Launching the CC Open GLAM Program June 10, 2021 Following our recent announcement of a major grant from Arcadia to advance open access at galleries, libraries, archives, and museums (GLAMs), we???re excited to officially launch Creative Commons??? Open GLAM program. In this post, we share an overview of the program???s rationale and briefly introduce our key program areas. ——— GLAMs??? public interest mission, rooted … Read More “We???re Launching the CC Open GLAM Program” Open access Creative Commons Receives $5M Grant from Arcadia to Advance Open Access at Galleries, Libraries, Archives, and Museums June 3, 2021 Today Creative Commons (CC) announced that it has received a five-year $5 million grant from Arcadia, a charitable fund of Lisbet Rausing and Peter Baldwin, to advance open access in the Galleries, Libraries, Archives, and Museums (GLAM) sector. The generous grant will enable CC to develop a robust Open GLAM Program that builds upon the … Read More “Creative Commons Receives $5M Grant from Arcadia to Advance Open Access at Galleries, Libraries, Archives, and Museums” About CC The 2021 CC Global Summit Call for Proposals Is Now Open June 2, 2021 The 2021 CC Global Summit will be going virtual again this year – join us 20-24 September, 2021 for an extra special event – Creative Commons is turning 20! We???ll be building off of the successes from our 2020 Summit to bring you another week filled with discussion and debate, workshops and planning, talks and … Read More “The 2021 CC Global Summit Call for Proposals Is Now Open” Events Four Creative Commons Working Groups Will Explore Policy Issues. Meet Their Leads! May 25, 2021 Throughout 2021, four working groups of the Creative Commons Copyright Platform are undertaking an exploration of policy issues affecting the open ecosystem, in line with the Creative Commons 2021-2026 strategy. In this blog post, we present the four working groups and introduce you to their leads. Generally, the Platform is a space for copyright and … Read More “Four Creative Commons Working Groups Will Explore Policy Issues. Meet Their Leads!” Community We???re Turning 20! What???s Happened Since 2001? May 24, 2021 Creative Commons is turning 20! We are celebrating with a special Better Sharing campaign, honoring 20 years of commitment to open access and better sharing. We invite you to join us. We have an ambitious goal to raise over $15 million in support. When Creative Commons was founded in 2001, the internet was a budding universe with high potential, … Read More “We???re Turning 20! What???s Happened Since 2001?” About CC Announcing Our 20th Anniversary “Better Sharing” Campaign May 24, 2021 Creative Commons is turning 20! We are delighted to be celebrating this milestone with our global community, honoring our commitment as a nonprofit to creating a world where everyone has access to knowledge and creativity. As we considered CC???s goals for the next 20 years, we kept returning to a simple idea: Better Sharing for … Read More “Announcing Our 20th Anniversary “Better Sharing” Campaign” About CC The Future of Museums Is Open May 18, 2021 It???s International Museum Day and at Creative Commons (CC) we are thrilled to once again celebrate the institutions that acquire, conserve, research, communicate, and exhibit the world???s heritage for education, study, and enjoyment. This year???s theme is The Future of Museums: Recover and Reimagine and in this blog post, we imagine a future where museums … Read More “The Future of Museums Is Open” Arts / culture Creative Commons Calls on the EU to Show Clear Support for Waiving COVID Vaccine Patents May 6, 2021 The news yesterday from US trade Ambassador Katherine Tait that the Biden-Harris administration supports waiving IP protections for COVID vaccines is not just welcome, it is laying a stake in the ground for others to follow. The hesitancy of both the EU and UK to support the US places them on the wrong side of … Read More “Creative Commons Calls on the EU to Show Clear Support for Waiving COVID Vaccine Patents” Open science Posts navigation Page 1 Page 2 … Page 501 Next page Contact Privacy Policies Terms Search for: Search We'd love to hear from you! Creative Commons PO Box 1866, Mountain View, CA 94042 info@creativecommons.org 1-415-429-6753 Frequently Asked Questions Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license. Icons by The Noun Project. Search for: Search