Creative Commons Global Network Communities Activity Fund - CC Global Network CC Network × Global Network About Chapters Governance Docs & FAQs CCGN Communities Activity Fund CC Open GLAM Platform CC Copyright Platform CC Open Education Platform A snapshot in time Get involved Members Actions Sign Up Vouching Requests Membership Applications Application status Log in Log Out CC Global NetworkGlobal Network Global Network About Chapters Governance Docs & FAQs CCGN Communities Activity Fund CC Open GLAM Platform CC Copyright Platform CC Open Education Platform A snapshot in time Get involved Members Actions Sign Up Vouching Requests Membership Applications Application status Log in Log Out Creative Commons Global Network Communities Activity Fund Thanks to the Community Activities Fund, we were able to print copies of the Spanish translation of the book “Made with Creative Commons” and contribute to more examples of success and benefit the Spanish-speaking and latino-american community. Creative Commons Chapter Mexico Please note that due to the current situation Creative Commons will not be funding in-person meetings in 2020. The CAF 2020 is now closed! The Creative Commons Global Network (CCGN) Community Activities Fund (CAF) encourages and supports members of CCGN to further the open movement and our common vision in their country and region. The CAF is designed as a quick response fund which will release resources to network members and Chapters quickly. It helps the CCGN members to strengthen their work and foster an inclusive and diverse commons. The Fund supports projects from any individuals, teams, or organizations advancing the mission and work of an inclusive commons and aligns with the values and principles of the Creative Commons Global Network Strategy. Criteria The CAF supports all kinds of projects, whether you want to host an outreach event for school kids, give a lecture, host an open event, start a project to show the fun of open licensing, or want to create cool materials to support your work, this fund is for you! In order to apply for funding from the CAF, applicants need to fulfill the following criteria: Be a member of the Creative Commons Global Network Send a clear description of the project or activity, including a basic budget The minimum amount is 200$, the maximum 1000$ per application The applications should be submitted in English, Spanish, French, or Arabic Fill in the application form Please note, due to the COVID-19 situation globally, the CAF will not fund in-person meetings during all of 2020 The project has to be completed by the end of December 2020 Structure The CAF is designed to make small funds available to the CCGN on a quick turn around basis. In order to guarantee that there is sufficient money throughout the year, Creative Commons HQ will provide a total of US$ 5000 per quarter. Projects are assessed on a regular basis and the CCGN will be informed if the project funds for the quarter have been exhausted prior to the quarter end. Unspent money of one quarter will be rolled over to the next quarter. The applications will be evaluated by the Creative Commons Network Manager and two to three volunteers from the CC Chapter leads. We aim to evaluate and come to a decision about the application in less than two weeks. Reporting Recipients of the CAF are expected to fill in a reporting template. The results from the projects will be shared with the wider CCGN and might also be used in wider Creative Commons communications. A reporting template will be made available. Resources The CAF has annually US$ 20,000 available. Successful and unsuccessful applicants: Once an application has received funding under the CAF, applicants are not eligible to apply for CAF funding again within the same financial year Once a project has received funding under the CAF, the project is not eligible for receiving further CAF funding within the same financial year Rejected applications are free to reapply for funding under the CAF within the same financial year Projects under previous CAF funding Thanks to the CC Global Network Community Activities Fund, our Chapter – CC Bulgaria – was able to launch a Legal Clinic on Media & The Arts in Digital Environment, aimed at providing legal analysis and advice to independent creators, but also to start-ups in media and digital arts and organizations of stakeholders in the creative industries. The clinic, named “Intellectual Property Workshop”, engages students from law faculties and specialized Intellectual Property programs of different universities in Sofia, under the tutelage of members of the CC community, in giving pro-bono legal advice to independent artists, musicians, designers, small independent producers etc. as well as different artist communities and collectives in Bulgaria, while encouraging application of CC licenses by the creators/business that are being legally assisted in its programs, advertising the values of “openness” and educating the community on IP issues. Creative Commons Chapter Bulgaria The Community Activities Fund really helped us to be awesome. We hosted a great seminar and volunteers from multiple open communities gave talks there and distributed some promotional materials among the participants. Creative Commons Chapter Bangladesh Thanks to the Fund, CC Tanzania was able to train school pupils and young lawyers on the benefits of Creative Commons Licenses, as well as on being creative, active and proactive in sharing knowledge and resources. Both the school group as well as the young lawyers established CC Clubs which are still active today and involved in CC Tanzania’s work. CC Chapter Tanzania Use of CC trademarks If you publish content in connection with your funded project, you may use the CC logo and other trademarks to refer to Creative Commons and/or the CC legal tools. However, please take care to avoid giving the impression that the work is created or endorsed by Creative Commons. If you are unsure whether your use of the trademarks implies endorsement, please reach out to legal@creativecommons.org for approval. Network Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license. Icons by The Noun Project. Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Charter