CC Open GLAM Platform - CC Global Network CC Network × Global Network About Chapters Governance Docs & FAQs CCGN Communities Activity Fund CC Open GLAM Platform CC Copyright Platform CC Open Education Platform A snapshot in time Get involved Members Actions Sign Up Vouching Requests Membership Applications Application status Log in Log Out CC Global NetworkGlobal Network Global Network About Chapters Governance Docs & FAQs CCGN Communities Activity Fund CC Open GLAM Platform CC Copyright Platform CC Open Education Platform A snapshot in time Get involved Members Actions Sign Up Vouching Requests Membership Applications Application status Log in Log Out CC Open GLAM Platform What we do Following the work that started in 2017, the CC GLAM Platform is currently working in providing a space to share resources, enhance collaboration and raise awareness on open access to digital cultural heritage, working with GLAM professionals and open advocates. The plan for this year includes the publication of the Declaration on Open Access for Cultural Heritage and a research paper that provides background to inform the Declaration, and in providing different channels where the community can engage, network and discuss. With this year???s funding, we have put together a plan that sets out to: Build a map and visualization of GLAM institutions that are doing Open Access around the world; Document case studies and stories of Open GLAM happening in the Global South, with special focus on Africa, and in underrepresented communities; an open call for projects. How to engage and join us Anyone who is interested can engage with the Platform through the following ways: Join the #cc-openglam Slack channel or our mailing list; Follow (and curate!) the @openglam Twitter account (more info here + instructions for participants) Write for the Open GLAM Medium publication Participate in the Open GLAM community calls! They take place the second Thursday of every month at 2 PM UTC — email at info@openglam.org to obtain more information on the next one. Funds available General funding for activities aligned with the Platform For general projects and activities that align with the platform, fill out the application form here before August 3, 2020. You can see the questions being asked in the form in this document. Funds Available This open call has available a total of USD10,000. Preference will be given to projects that ask less than the total amount (a reasonable amount is between USD2,000-3,000). There are no strings attached on how the money could be spent, meaning that you can hire professional services or pay for your time to work. Participants The call will be open to any platform member or any active member of the Open GLAM community. Reporting Activity fund recipients are required to complete a report at the end of the activity. The results from the activities will be shared with all platform members, the CC Global Network, and in wider Creative Commons communications. Criteria Preference will be given to projects that present actionable items and that are global in nature and scope. The selection committee will analyze the following criteria for granting the awards for the projects: Overall quality of the proposal (level of completion, measurable impact, readability, follow-up plan and sustainability). Alignment of the project being proposed with the objectives and work of the Platform. Diversity and equity considerations (how the project is addressing diversity and equity?) Partnerships and involvement of other actors. Reasonable, well-scoped budget. The applications will be judged by a committee composed by: Nicole Ferraiolo, Director of Global Strategic Initiatives, Council on Library and Information Resources Jorge Gemetto, member of Creative Commons Uruguay and co-director of the online cultural center “??rtica” Karin Glasemann, Digital Coordinator at the Nationalmuseum Sweden and Chair of the Copyright Community at Europeana Satdeep Gill, Program Officer, GLAM and Underrepresented Knowledge, Wikimedia Foundation APPLICATIONS ARE NOW CLOSED AND CURRENTLY BEING REVIEWED. Call for stories: Open GLAM in underrepresented communities We want to hear from Open GLAM in underrepresented communities. The Open GLAM survey by Douglas McCarthy and Andrea Wallace has revealed a global picture where ???Open GLAM??? (???Galleries, Libraries, Archives and Museums???) seems to be happening mainly in the US and Europe. However, these types of maps and visualizations can also be tricky. The data collected might be reflecting particular data biases rather than the real practice happening in the ground. There are institutions and practitioners in the Global South and in underrepresented communities that are participating in Open GLAM, through documenting intangible heritage, through releasing public domain content, or that might have good reasons to carefully approach ???Open GLAM???. The reasons why these stories might not hit the front lines might vary, but sometimes it???s because the people behind those stories don???t have the time, the resources or the ability to produce them. Sometimes it???s very hard to run a volunteer project and then also write about that experience altogether. To encourage people to write about those stories and document their practices and experiences, the Open GLAM Platform of Creative Commons approved to allocate a total of USD4,800 to produce a total of 16 pieces or stories, paying USD300 a piece to the person or groups writing them. We expect to grant half the money to stories coming from Africa and the remaining half to the rest of the Global South and/or underrepresented communities. For the purposes of this call, underrepresented includes the following categories: Global South countries (see https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_regional_classification) Ethnic and racial minorities Indigenous people and communities LGBTQ++ diversities People with disabilities These stories will be published under a Creative Commons license (CC BY, CC BY SA or CC0) through the Open GLAM Medium publication, edited by Douglas McCarthy and Evelin Heidel. Applications are now closed. We want to thank to the committee composed by Douglas McCarthy, Mariana Ziku and Franziska Latell for their generous work evaluating the stories. Network Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license. Icons by The Noun Project. Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Charter