CC Copyright Platform - CC Global Network CC Network × Global Network About Chapters Governance Docs & FAQs CCGN Communities Activity Fund CC Open GLAM Platform CC Copyright Platform CC Open Education Platform A snapshot in time Get involved Members Actions Sign Up Vouching Requests Membership Applications Application status Log in Log Out CC Global NetworkGlobal Network Global Network About Chapters Governance Docs & FAQs CCGN Communities Activity Fund CC Open GLAM Platform CC Copyright Platform CC Open Education Platform A snapshot in time Get involved Members Actions Sign Up Vouching Requests Membership Applications Application status Log in Log Out CC Copyright Platform What is the CC Copyright Platform? The Creative Commons Copyright Platform is a space for copyright advocates and practitioners to identify, plan and coordinate copyright law and policy-related activities. The Creative Commons Copyright Platform brings together experts in copyright law and policy to develop and carry out projects and activities related to policy, legislative and regulatory issues in the field of copyright at the international and national levels with the aims of upholding the public interest and enriching and protecting the public domain. This platform is open to all interested people working on copyright policy issues. We work in a transparent, professional, ethical and public manner to undertake projects and activities aimed at fulfilling agreed-upon, collaboratively developed goals and principles. Visit the Platform???s website to learn more about our mission, vision, and principles. Our Work Funded, goal-driven copyright law and policy activities Sharing opportunities and updates via our mailing list and Slack channel. Why Join? Stay connected to global actions in copyright law and policy. Identify, plan and coordinate copyright law and policy projects to collaboratively solve challenges to access to knowledge and culture with a dynamic group of copyright policy leaders from around the world. Secure funding (from Creative Commons and other funding sources) for the copyright policy projects we collectively select. Contribute to global perspectives on copyright policy issues to strengthen advocacy worldwide. Connect your country / region to global copyright policy initiatives. Be on the forefront in implementing Creative Commons??? global network strategy. Meet annually (in-person) at the Creative Commons Summit with members of the CC Copyright Platform to celebrate successes, share best practices, and plan for the next year. Explore, practice, and share innovative methods for inclusive and open engagement with other copyright advocates and policymakers around the world. Anyone interested in copyright law and policy issues is welcome to join the CC Copyright Platform: email list Slack: sign up: (it will send an invitation email), then sign up to the #cc-copyrightreformchannel Activities Fund Creative Commons is investing in the CC Network Platforms. Each Platform has funding to work on activities that support the platform’s goals. The Copyright Platform Activities Fund encourages and supports members of the CC Copyright Platform to further the open movement and our common vision in their country and region. It helps CC Copyright Platform members to strengthen their work and foster an inclusive and diverse commons. The Fund supports projects from any individuals, teams, or organizations in the field of copyright advancing the mission and work of an inclusive commons and aligns with the goals and principles of the CC Copyright Platform. Funds Available In 2020, we have USD $20,000 to fund 3-6 copyright platform activities. Activity proposals should request minimum US$200. Criteria The Fund supports all kinds of projects, whether you want to host a virtual event, research specific policy issues, launch a campaign, start an advocacy project to show the importance of any particular copyright issues, or want to create accessible materials to support your work, this fund is for you! In order to apply for funding, applicants need to fulfill the following criteria: Be a member of the CC Copyright Platform Send a clear description of the project or activity, including a basic budget (minimum fund to be granted is US $200 per activity) The applications should be submitted in English Fill in the application form Please note that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Fund will not fund in-person meetings during all of 2020. Structure The Activities Fund is designed to make funding available to members??? run activities aligned with the CC Copyright Platform Goals. Applications are evaluated by a Decision Committee composed of platform members. Decision Committee Lisette Kalshoven John Weitzmann Franco Giandana Liz Lenjo Sami Mlouhi Elliott Bledsoe Reporting Activity fund recipients are required to complete a report at the end of the activity. The results from the activities will be shared with all platform members, the CC Global Network, and in wider Creative Commons communications. A reporting template is available. Network Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license. Icons by The Noun Project. Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Charter